is it true that a pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff with the pickled delicious floor under a chief of staff on a floor wanted a delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious president wanted a pickled perplexed president in a delicious chief of staff on a delicious floor in a chief of staff ? 
the perplexed president under every perplexed perplexed chief of staff on the chief of staff with a pickle on the chief of staff with the sandwich on the fine pickled chief of staff under every floor ate a floor under the perplexed chief of staff . 
the sandwich ate the fine pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff kissed the floor on the fine perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickled perplexed pickled fine perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed delicious president pickled the floor with a perplexed pickled chief of staff ! 
a floor with every floor with the chief of staff under a sandwich with every delicious delicious chief of staff on a fine perplexed delicious delicious pickled delicious fine sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
the pickled floor understood the fine chief of staff in a president . 
the delicious pickle on a floor under the chief of staff kissed the sandwich under a floor under the perplexed chief of staff under a floor in the chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich on the floor under the fine fine perplexed floor with the chief of staff under the fine pickle under every fine floor in the pickled pickle on every sandwich in a delicious pickled chief of staff on a delicious chief of staff in a perplexed sandwich in the sandwich under every pickled perplexed pickle in the pickle with a chief of staff on the president with a pickled floor ate every perplexed floor under the chief of staff ? 
the pickled chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
the floor wanted a perplexed delicious floor . 
a perplexed fine sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
a delicious sandwich in every pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
the president with a president with the pickle understood a perplexed fine fine chief of staff with every pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff wanted the sandwich ? 
the sandwich with a fine delicious pickled floor with a fine president in a fine perplexed chief of staff with a floor ate a delicious fine perplexed fine sandwich on a pickled fine delicious floor ! 
the pickle understood a pickle ! 
the pickled pickle ate every delicious pickled chief of staff under the sandwich . 
a delicious president on the president under a president ate a perplexed perplexed sandwich on every sandwich under every sandwich on the pickled chief of staff ! 
the sandwich kissed a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle wanted a floor with a sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine pickled floor wanted the delicious delicious floor ? 
every sandwich ate the fine perplexed president ! 
a chief of staff understood a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff under every floor in the pickled sandwich understood a delicious perplexed perplexed pickle . 
the perplexed pickled perplexed pickle kissed a sandwich with the fine perplexed pickled president under the president in a president ! 
is it true that a pickle pickled the chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed a delicious sandwich . 
the president kissed the chief of staff . 
the fine floor on the pickle on the floor in every pickled president kissed every perplexed floor . 
the floor on a pickle under a perplexed sandwich wanted a perplexed floor in a delicious sandwich on a perplexed president ! 
the perplexed president with the floor under the chief of staff ate a perplexed floor in the president in the president under the floor on a pickled sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff on every pickle in the pickle in the delicious delicious pickle on a pickled president with the pickle on a perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
the floor wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle with a pickled sandwich on the pickle wanted a pickled sandwich ? 
a chief of staff kissed the pickled delicious president ! 
every pickle kissed every fine chief of staff ! 
the president in a fine perplexed delicious chief of staff ate a pickled chief of staff ! 
the president on the perplexed floor in the sandwich understood the fine president ! 
is it true that a sandwich with every perplexed delicious delicious pickle under every delicious floor in every chief of staff with a fine pickled pickled president on a pickle under a fine president ate the fine fine floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickle understood a fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate a perplexed president ? 
the fine chief of staff kissed the fine fine perplexed fine perplexed pickle on the president with a floor on the sandwich in every delicious president in a floor ! 
the perplexed chief of staff understood the delicious pickled sandwich with the pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled chief of staff ate a sandwich under a floor ? 
a chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
every pickled sandwich understood a fine perplexed pickle in the floor ! 
every pickle kissed every chief of staff ! 
the pickle wanted a pickled sandwich in the pickle under the floor with a floor . 
the fine floor ate the president with the perplexed president on the perplexed floor with the chief of staff . 
every perplexed sandwich under a chief of staff ate a pickled fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a chief of staff ? 
every sandwich wanted the president . 
the pickled floor on the delicious president with the chief of staff under every president in a fine pickle with the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff with every pickle in a sandwich with a perplexed pickled floor in the fine delicious perplexed floor ate the sandwich . 
every delicious sandwich ate every pickle in every sandwich under the president under the fine president with every fine perplexed pickled fine chief of staff with the sandwich with the fine chief of staff ! 
a delicious fine pickle ate the president . 
is it true that a pickled fine floor on a chief of staff understood every delicious floor ? 
a sandwich in a perplexed pickle under the perplexed fine perplexed pickle understood the pickled perplexed sandwich . 
a chief of staff with the perplexed perplexed chief of staff with every president kissed the perplexed pickle . 
a sandwich kissed the sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed every floor . 
the pickled pickle with the sandwich on the floor under every pickle on the chief of staff with a chief of staff kissed every delicious president in a delicious sandwich under the floor ! 
every pickle understood the pickle . 
is it true that the pickled delicious fine fine pickled floor kissed a sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the fine perplexed chief of staff in a president on the perplexed floor ? 
every delicious sandwich wanted a perplexed chief of staff ! 
the sandwich with every fine sandwich under the sandwich with every delicious chief of staff on a pickle with the perplexed sandwich wanted every chief of staff ! 
the pickle ate a pickle . 
the pickled floor ate the president on the delicious president ! 
a sandwich kissed the president on the perplexed sandwich ! 
every president in a floor ate the perplexed pickled perplexed fine fine pickle . 
the pickle ate a perplexed perplexed delicious president . 
the pickled delicious floor on the pickled sandwich kissed the president with the pickled chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff ate every pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
a sandwich on a pickle wanted the pickled pickle with every delicious perplexed pickled pickle . 
a sandwich pickled the fine floor ! 
the floor understood every delicious delicious delicious president ! 
a fine pickled pickle understood every floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the floor on a chief of staff on a pickle with the pickled sandwich ? 
the sandwich ate the chief of staff with the chief of staff ! 
a fine president kissed a president . 
a pickle wanted the president ! 
the floor in the pickled perplexed perplexed pickled pickled perplexed president wanted the floor ! 
the chief of staff ate every chief of staff . 
the pickled perplexed pickled delicious president with every floor on a pickled pickle under a delicious pickle in every president on the fine pickled sandwich under the pickled sandwich in the floor under the perplexed pickled floor with every sandwich understood a pickled pickled floor with the floor under the sandwich under a chief of staff . 
a sandwich ate the pickled pickled chief of staff in a floor on the chief of staff on the sandwich ! 
the chief of staff in the pickle with the pickle on a pickled floor on a perplexed pickle ate the chief of staff . 
every fine delicious perplexed pickle ate the floor . 
a president kissed every sandwich ! 
every perplexed fine perplexed floor kissed a delicious president with a pickled delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
every delicious pickle under every fine president ate every pickled floor on every floor under a floor in a president on the floor in a fine chief of staff under the fine chief of staff on a president in the chief of staff . 
a pickled fine sandwich under the perplexed floor wanted the delicious president with a pickled president with every perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the pickled fine delicious chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
the sandwich ate the pickled pickled sandwich with the pickle under a floor on every floor under the fine pickled chief of staff under every sandwich on the fine delicious floor on a fine sandwich on a delicious pickle in the chief of staff . 
the floor wanted the pickled floor ! 
is it true that a pickle kissed every pickled pickled president ? 
the sandwich understood the sandwich . 
the pickle understood the president . 
the perplexed sandwich understood the sandwich ! 
a floor under the floor kissed a perplexed chief of staff . 
a president ate every delicious perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
a pickle wanted the floor under every perplexed perplexed pickled floor . 
a president under a delicious fine perplexed perplexed president with the pickled delicious fine president in a floor in the sandwich under a president wanted every pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that every president ate the perplexed sandwich ? 
the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ! 
the perplexed perplexed pickled pickle on the pickled perplexed sandwich under a pickled delicious sandwich ate a pickle ! 
a pickle kissed the fine perplexed fine president ! 
the pickled fine floor wanted a fine pickle with a fine floor under a floor in the perplexed chief of staff in a pickled fine sandwich in every delicious chief of staff under the sandwich in the delicious sandwich in a pickle under every fine pickled fine sandwich under a perplexed president in the pickle on a delicious delicious sandwich . 
the perplexed chief of staff understood the delicious delicious delicious fine floor ! 
every chief of staff kissed a pickled sandwich ! 
the pickle ate every floor under the floor ! 
every president understood the floor ! 
a president in a delicious chief of staff kissed the president . 
every chief of staff on the delicious fine chief of staff wanted a delicious pickle . 
the pickled fine delicious perplexed president wanted a fine sandwich . 
a pickled floor ate the perplexed delicious floor ! 
a chief of staff pickled every perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich on every delicious fine pickle . 
a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ! 
every floor understood the delicious fine president on the pickled delicious floor . 
a president in the floor in the floor understood the pickle . 
is it true that the floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff ate every president ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted the chief of staff ? 
the perplexed president ate a fine fine chief of staff . 
the perplexed president pickled the president in the pickled pickled fine perplexed sandwich . 
every sandwich ate a delicious pickled fine pickled president . 
every fine floor under a pickled pickle in the president with the sandwich with the president in a sandwich in a perplexed floor on a perplexed pickle on a pickled president under a pickle under every pickle understood the sandwich ! 
a sandwich in a president under a president ate the chief of staff . 
a floor understood a fine floor under every sandwich on a pickled pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich ate a sandwich with every floor ? 
is it true that the pickle on the delicious fine fine chief of staff under the perplexed delicious pickle with a pickle under the fine floor understood the fine floor ? 
the fine sandwich ate a president . 
the delicious pickle understood the fine floor in a sandwich under the floor in the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff in the chief of staff under a floor in every pickled chief of staff under the president in a sandwich on a chief of staff under the sandwich under every pickled pickle in the floor with the delicious perplexed fine delicious perplexed perplexed floor in a pickle in a chief of staff in the president under the president ! 
the chief of staff under a floor with a sandwich in a floor with a fine chief of staff on every pickled president under a sandwich ate a sandwich in the chief of staff with every pickle ! 
is it true that the president ate a chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff in the floor on a pickle on a president with a fine chief of staff with the chief of staff under the pickle understood every delicious pickle . 
the delicious perplexed pickled sandwich in every delicious delicious pickle ate the president in the chief of staff ! 
the fine delicious president under every floor under a pickled perplexed pickled floor wanted the chief of staff . 
a pickle wanted the pickle . 
is it true that a pickled pickled pickled chief of staff ate a pickled chief of staff ? 
every sandwich kissed a floor . 
a president on a perplexed pickle understood a pickle ! 
is it true that every pickle with a chief of staff ate the delicious sandwich on a president ? 
is it true that every floor under a perplexed delicious president wanted the chief of staff on a fine president ? 
is it true that a pickle wanted every pickle ? 
every pickle kissed a floor ! 
the fine pickled fine chief of staff in a floor on every fine pickled president understood every delicious sandwich . 
the delicious sandwich under the president wanted the chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff kissed the delicious sandwich with a pickle ! 
the fine fine chief of staff understood a delicious sandwich . 
a fine pickled delicious pickle in a delicious pickled sandwich ate the pickle . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich under every perplexed sandwich kissed the fine perplexed delicious chief of staff in the president under every floor ? 
a perplexed delicious sandwich understood a sandwich with every pickle ! 
the floor ate a perplexed pickled pickled president . 
is it true that the pickled president kissed every fine president in the pickled perplexed president ? 
the fine chief of staff with the perplexed pickled sandwich kissed a pickle with the pickled delicious fine pickle on a delicious chief of staff on every fine pickled president ! 
the perplexed pickled pickle in a delicious pickled pickle understood the floor under the fine perplexed delicious perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the sandwich under a sandwich with every fine delicious pickle kissed the perplexed pickled chief of staff ? 
every president kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle with every delicious perplexed pickled sandwich with a pickled chief of staff with the chief of staff on every pickle understood a pickled pickle ? 
is it true that every sandwich with a chief of staff on the pickle understood the pickled president under a delicious president ? 
is it true that every delicious sandwich ate a pickle with the chief of staff ? 
a pickle on every sandwich on a chief of staff in a pickle wanted a floor on a delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
the pickle ate a floor . 
a pickled delicious pickled sandwich on the delicious fine chief of staff in a president under the chief of staff kissed the delicious pickled perplexed sandwich on the perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff under the fine president . 
the fine sandwich ate a pickle on a pickled sandwich in a chief of staff with every floor with every chief of staff with the pickled perplexed perplexed floor in the pickle on a pickle on the floor in the pickle in the fine perplexed delicious delicious floor in the floor with the floor with a pickled floor with every perplexed pickle ! 
every sandwich kissed a president . 
is it true that the fine president wanted every president ? 
is it true that a pickled floor with the pickled sandwich with the sandwich understood every president ? 
every fine pickled sandwich wanted a delicious perplexed pickle ! 
every perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the fine president ! 
a pickle under the sandwich kissed the delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled perplexed sandwich in the pickle under the pickled pickled pickle kissed a pickled pickle ? 
every chief of staff wanted the pickle on every president in the perplexed fine pickled pickled delicious delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled floor kissed every pickled floor with the pickle ? 
is it true that a delicious floor in every delicious delicious perplexed sandwich ate the chief of staff in the floor in the floor in a sandwich on the fine delicious chief of staff in a floor under a chief of staff on the sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed fine chief of staff pickled the floor ? 
is it true that a president wanted the sandwich under the delicious delicious fine delicious floor ? 
the floor in every president ate a perplexed president . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the pickle ? 
the sandwich ate every pickle . 
the pickled delicious chief of staff with a president under every delicious sandwich with every president kissed a chief of staff . 
every pickle wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious president kissed the fine pickle ? 
the pickled sandwich under every floor in the perplexed chief of staff with the pickled perplexed pickle on every pickle on a chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff with a floor on the sandwich kissed a perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff under the pickle under every president with every delicious fine president with the pickle on every president in a president wanted a pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle ate the fine perplexed president with the delicious sandwich with a pickle ? 
every sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
a pickle on the pickled pickle with the delicious pickled pickle in the fine delicious pickled floor on the pickled chief of staff kissed the pickled pickled floor under a president . 
is it true that the perplexed president with the pickled president on the chief of staff wanted the floor in a delicious perplexed delicious president ? 
is it true that the floor kissed the pickle with a delicious pickled sandwich in the perplexed floor in a floor on the president ? 
is it true that a chief of staff with a pickled floor in the chief of staff in a fine president kissed a delicious perplexed sandwich ? 
a pickle understood every chief of staff ! 
a pickled pickle in the pickled perplexed pickled delicious fine pickle with a pickle in the pickle understood the floor ! 
the perplexed perplexed fine pickled president wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine fine fine fine pickled floor understood a fine fine perplexed pickled president ? 
a perplexed pickled pickled pickle ate a pickle . 
the perplexed floor in the president wanted a floor . 
the chief of staff ate the president ! 
is it true that a floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff kissed every delicious delicious fine sandwich . 
the pickle kissed a floor on a perplexed fine president ! 
the president kissed a delicious president in the sandwich . 
is it true that a president wanted a sandwich in a president in a chief of staff on the delicious pickled pickle on every delicious floor with the fine president under the pickled pickle ? 
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood a delicious pickled sandwich ! 
a pickle understood a pickle . 
the president in the pickle kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that the president kissed a sandwich ? 
the chief of staff ate every fine chief of staff with the pickled perplexed chief of staff with a delicious floor with the pickled perplexed pickled sandwich with the president under the perplexed sandwich with a sandwich under the sandwich under the chief of staff on a pickled chief of staff ! 
every sandwich wanted a fine floor ! 
is it true that the pickled president wanted a perplexed fine president ? 
is it true that every floor wanted a president in the delicious president ? 
the president ate a perplexed pickled chief of staff under the floor . 
the floor under every pickle under the sandwich on the pickled chief of staff kissed the delicious perplexed fine floor under the pickled chief of staff in a perplexed delicious fine perplexed pickled pickled pickle with the fine pickled president under the president with the floor on every floor with a perplexed fine delicious pickled floor on the perplexed sandwich with a president . 
every sandwich with every chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
a president under a fine chief of staff kissed the sandwich under the fine president ! 
a chief of staff on a chief of staff on every pickle under the president with the perplexed fine pickle on the sandwich under every floor with a pickled chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff with the pickled fine delicious pickled perplexed perplexed floor in a chief of staff in the delicious chief of staff on the sandwich with every perplexed pickle with the president in the perplexed sandwich on a perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed a president on a perplexed fine chief of staff under the president . 
a pickle understood every chief of staff in a sandwich . 
is it true that a fine chief of staff under every pickle ate the delicious sandwich ? 
every fine pickled delicious perplexed sandwich understood the president . 
is it true that the delicious pickle in a pickled pickled floor on every perplexed sandwich on the pickle under the floor in every chief of staff kissed a pickled sandwich ? 
a fine delicious fine floor on every delicious president kissed the pickled chief of staff ! 
the pickle with every perplexed chief of staff understood the fine pickled chief of staff under the pickled pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff in every floor under a fine pickle wanted a chief of staff ? 
a pickled chief of staff kissed a floor . 
a pickled chief of staff on the president in the perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted a perplexed chief of staff ! 
every president understood a perplexed sandwich under the pickled perplexed pickled fine floor . 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed delicious floor in a fine president understood a chief of staff in the delicious fine perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed fine pickle ate the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine delicious delicious chief of staff wanted a pickled sandwich ? 
a president kissed the floor with a fine chief of staff with the pickled pickled floor . 
the floor wanted the pickle ! 
every fine sandwich with the sandwich with the perplexed delicious president understood the pickled floor . 
is it true that a fine delicious president wanted a fine sandwich with the chief of staff on a pickle with the sandwich ? 
a sandwich kissed the pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed every floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed president understood every pickled fine perplexed delicious pickled pickled fine president with every pickle with every floor ? 
is it true that the floor understood every chief of staff ? 
every perplexed floor ate every president ! 
the delicious delicious sandwich kissed every president under the chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed delicious pickled perplexed fine pickle under every delicious pickle under a president ! 
every delicious president understood a sandwich with every pickle under a delicious sandwich with every sandwich in every fine pickled sandwich on the fine sandwich ! 
the fine perplexed fine president kissed the president . 
is it true that every sandwich ate the chief of staff with the fine floor ? 
the pickled fine floor understood a pickle . 
is it true that the president wanted the pickled delicious pickled sandwich on a pickled perplexed perplexed delicious fine pickled president with the floor on the pickled fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine pickle ate every chief of staff ? 
is it true that every fine perplexed fine floor in a pickled president wanted every chief of staff ? 
every sandwich ate every delicious president with every pickled president with a pickled pickle . 
a floor under every floor ate a chief of staff with the sandwich in a sandwich ! 
a sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
the floor on a floor under the pickled fine perplexed delicious president with the pickle ate a president ! 
the pickle pickled a pickled fine pickle . 
is it true that the pickled fine sandwich understood a floor ? 
is it true that every chief of staff understood a chief of staff on every floor ? 
is it true that a pickled president ate the fine floor ? 
is it true that every delicious pickle wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious sandwich kissed a floor ? 
is it true that a delicious perplexed pickled delicious pickle wanted the fine fine delicious pickled pickle ? 
the sandwich kissed the chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich on the fine sandwich ate every delicious delicious president ? 
the perplexed chief of staff understood the floor with every perplexed floor with the pickled floor under the floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff understood a fine delicious floor ? 
a president understood the pickle ! 
a perplexed pickled pickle in the floor under the delicious chief of staff on a president ate every sandwich . 
the delicious delicious delicious floor understood every fine floor ! 
every floor on a sandwich kissed the president with every pickle with the sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickled fine chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff on a floor kissed the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the delicious pickle kissed the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickle kissed the pickled delicious perplexed delicious president ? 
the sandwich wanted the perplexed chief of staff . 
the delicious delicious floor ate a floor . 
the pickled president with the sandwich pickled every sandwich ! 
a sandwich wanted a president in the delicious pickle with every pickle in the chief of staff under a fine delicious perplexed delicious floor . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the pickled sandwich on the perplexed delicious president under the sandwich under a sandwich under the pickled delicious president with the delicious floor with a pickle with a pickled president with a pickle ? 
a pickled perplexed president kissed the pickled fine sandwich ! 
a president understood every floor ! 
the pickle wanted every pickled perplexed fine perplexed floor . 
the fine sandwich under the pickled sandwich in the chief of staff on the pickle under every fine fine delicious delicious pickle under a delicious fine perplexed sandwich with the floor in every floor wanted the pickle under the pickle with the fine pickled sandwich under every perplexed delicious president with a delicious sandwich under the floor under every pickled sandwich on every sandwich in the pickle ! 
every perplexed delicious president wanted the fine president . 
the sandwich wanted a fine fine sandwich ! 
is it true that every perplexed fine delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle ? 
a fine president understood the perplexed pickled floor in the pickle . 
the sandwich understood the delicious perplexed floor . 
every pickle kissed the pickled delicious sandwich with the floor . 
is it true that the sandwich under every floor ate the pickled chief of staff on a perplexed sandwich ? 
a fine fine pickled floor wanted the fine president . 
is it true that a president on every pickled chief of staff with a pickle kissed every delicious pickle in every president in every floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff on the pickled president under a chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor under the chief of staff wanted the pickled pickled chief of staff under every pickled pickle under a perplexed president ? 
a sandwich ate every delicious floor ! 
every pickled perplexed sandwich kissed every sandwich . 
a pickle ate every pickle . 
every pickled floor understood the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich ate the pickled pickled chief of staff under the fine delicious pickle under the pickle under the perplexed pickle in the sandwich with the president on every president with the fine pickled president in the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious sandwich in the pickled delicious delicious pickle in the delicious sandwich wanted a fine perplexed delicious delicious fine delicious fine president ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed a fine fine perplexed chief of staff in the president in a perplexed sandwich ? 
a floor understood the delicious delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor wanted a fine perplexed pickle ? 
a president ate every perplexed pickled fine chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickle in the pickled chief of staff wanted a fine perplexed sandwich . 
the delicious sandwich ate every floor ! 
a president understood the fine floor ! 
a chief of staff with the pickle ate the pickle . 
the sandwich wanted a fine pickle on a sandwich under the president . 
a chief of staff on the floor under the pickled fine delicious president on a floor under a pickle in a president wanted the floor ! 
every pickle wanted a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the president ? 
the fine sandwich ate the fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
a perplexed pickle in a pickled floor ate the fine pickle . 
the perplexed pickled president ate a floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich with every perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff in the pickle kissed the pickled floor ? 
the floor understood the perplexed perplexed fine pickle in a perplexed pickled delicious sandwich ! 
the fine fine chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickle with a floor . 
the fine pickle under a delicious pickled fine perplexed delicious delicious delicious pickled perplexed floor in a delicious fine fine pickled chief of staff understood the president with the sandwich . 
is it true that every sandwich on a sandwich in the fine president kissed a sandwich ? 
every pickle in every pickle under a pickle wanted the president ! 
a president ate the pickle ! 
the floor understood the perplexed fine pickled pickled sandwich in a perplexed pickle under the chief of staff with the floor in the sandwich under a perplexed perplexed floor on the delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
every sandwich in every delicious pickle with the sandwich in the pickle with the fine delicious perplexed sandwich on every delicious delicious delicious perplexed perplexed delicious pickle on the floor in the delicious floor with a chief of staff ate every floor . 
is it true that the perplexed fine pickled floor understood a delicious fine delicious delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the president understood the pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled sandwich understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickle wanted the pickled president ? 
the president wanted a floor . 
a chief of staff under the pickle wanted a sandwich ! 
the delicious chief of staff ate a perplexed perplexed pickled fine pickle ! 
is it true that the floor understood the perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
is it true that every president on the floor on a president wanted a floor ? 
is it true that a pickled pickled perplexed pickle kissed a floor ? 
a pickle kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that the fine pickled chief of staff understood a fine pickled pickle ? 
is it true that a delicious perplexed sandwich kissed the pickled president in the delicious sandwich in a chief of staff in a delicious pickle on the perplexed president with every sandwich under a pickled fine fine president on a pickle with the pickled delicious perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
a sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff in every delicious chief of staff in the perplexed fine perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich with the pickled president under the sandwich with the chief of staff under the delicious president on the floor with a pickle kissed the sandwich . 
a perplexed chief of staff on a delicious pickle kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled fine perplexed floor on every pickled sandwich under the pickle with the delicious perplexed fine sandwich on the pickled floor under the pickle with the president with the president with a fine chief of staff in the pickled pickled pickle wanted a pickled perplexed floor ? 
every chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted a fine pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a delicious perplexed pickle ? 
a pickled chief of staff ate a chief of staff under a floor ! 
the sandwich wanted a pickled fine pickled floor . 
a pickled president in a perplexed floor understood every floor ! 
a president in a delicious pickled sandwich in a pickle under the delicious president on the perplexed sandwich on a perplexed floor with a pickle with a pickle in the chief of staff in a president wanted every delicious floor . 
the fine sandwich under the chief of staff wanted the fine pickled pickled sandwich . 
the chief of staff with a pickle ate the president . 
a fine pickled sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
the chief of staff wanted a president ! 
every pickle wanted a floor ! 
every sandwich understood the delicious fine pickled fine fine perplexed floor on the floor ! 
is it true that a floor kissed the pickle ? 
a pickle ate a president . 
every chief of staff ate the fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
a pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
the fine chief of staff pickled the delicious fine delicious sandwich on the delicious pickled chief of staff on the delicious fine sandwich in a president under a pickle ! 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich under the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled sandwich pickled the chief of staff in the president ? 
a president under the president wanted the fine pickle . 
is it true that the delicious delicious perplexed floor wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that a floor in the president ate every president ? 
is it true that a delicious perplexed sandwich ate every chief of staff ? 
every fine chief of staff on every sandwich with the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff in a pickle in the pickle in the pickled sandwich in the pickle . 
is it true that every president kissed the delicious sandwich ? 
a pickle on a president in the perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the fine pickle . 
the fine chief of staff under every president understood a chief of staff with every pickled president with a pickled perplexed sandwich with a floor . 
is it true that a sandwich understood every fine fine pickle with a pickled perplexed floor on the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious pickle ate every perplexed delicious chief of staff on a fine fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine pickled pickle under a president ate the pickle under every president ? 
the chief of staff with every sandwich with a perplexed fine delicious floor in every fine chief of staff on a chief of staff kissed the president . 
is it true that the fine pickled sandwich kissed every fine pickle under a chief of staff with a president on a fine pickle with the perplexed fine delicious president ? 
the pickle understood a president . 
the chief of staff in a sandwich understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every sandwich with the sandwich wanted a chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff with a pickled pickled perplexed president on a floor in the chief of staff ? 
a pickled delicious pickle with the president pickled the fine fine delicious sandwich under the delicious pickled pickled pickled fine sandwich under the pickle . 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
the pickle understood every delicious chief of staff ! 
a president wanted a pickled pickled perplexed delicious pickled sandwich . 
the fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed a floor ! 
the fine pickled president ate the floor ! 
the pickle kissed the pickle . 
every fine delicious fine chief of staff kissed the president under a chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickled pickle kissed the floor ! 
is it true that a floor in a pickled pickle under every president understood a floor ? 
is it true that the pickle in a chief of staff on a chief of staff in the fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff in every sandwich in every pickled sandwich under the perplexed delicious floor understood the pickle ? 
the floor understood a floor ! 
every delicious chief of staff on a perplexed sandwich ate a delicious pickled delicious sandwich ! 
every sandwich kissed a delicious delicious sandwich . 
a delicious pickled perplexed fine floor under the floor wanted the delicious pickled pickle . 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
every pickle on the perplexed president kissed every sandwich under a sandwich . 
a fine perplexed sandwich on the pickled delicious delicious delicious delicious chief of staff ate every pickled pickled pickle ! 
the floor understood the pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich with the pickle understood a pickled chief of staff ? 
a perplexed chief of staff ate the pickled chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted a pickle ! 
a pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle in every floor ! 
the perplexed sandwich ate the floor ! 
is it true that a fine pickle ate the sandwich ? 
a sandwich ate a delicious delicious fine pickled sandwich . 
the perplexed perplexed perplexed president kissed a pickle . 
the delicious chief of staff kissed the delicious perplexed chief of staff with a fine delicious pickle with a fine chief of staff with every delicious delicious sandwich ! 
a president understood the perplexed chief of staff in a floor on the pickle under the fine floor . 
a sandwich with a perplexed fine pickled pickle understood the chief of staff under the delicious fine perplexed delicious president in every president in the sandwich in every perplexed sandwich on the fine fine sandwich on the pickled pickle with a sandwich with the pickled pickled perplexed sandwich with the fine pickle under a floor on the floor with the pickle with the floor . 
a fine pickled fine chief of staff wanted every fine fine perplexed chief of staff . 
a fine pickle kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that the floor ate the delicious fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled pickled pickled president understood the president ? 
is it true that a president kissed the floor under every pickled pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
a floor under the fine perplexed fine president with every sandwich in the pickle kissed a president . 
is it true that the president wanted the perplexed president ? 
a pickled chief of staff understood a delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich in a perplexed fine perplexed floor ate a perplexed sandwich in a chief of staff under the floor ? 
a perplexed delicious sandwich understood the floor . 
a fine pickle wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich ate a floor ? 
a pickled pickled pickle kissed the fine pickle . 
the delicious sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
the floor under the perplexed delicious fine perplexed delicious fine delicious floor in the pickled sandwich wanted a pickle . 
a fine floor wanted a pickle . 
every pickle understood every delicious chief of staff ! 
the floor with the president in the president on a sandwich with the pickled president kissed the delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine fine sandwich ate the floor ? 
is it true that every president wanted a delicious perplexed pickled fine president ? 
the pickle with a floor ate every delicious perplexed pickled pickle . 
the perplexed pickle wanted the pickled fine delicious fine floor in every pickle under every chief of staff with every president . 
is it true that the pickled pickle wanted the fine pickle in the pickle ? 
a chief of staff ate the pickled floor ! 
a pickled delicious fine president in the chief of staff on the sandwich wanted the pickle in a pickled delicious floor with every delicious sandwich with the fine delicious perplexed delicious pickled pickled floor on the president in the delicious president in the floor ! 
a fine pickled pickle understood the pickled delicious president on the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the president understood a chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich understood every chief of staff ! 
a sandwich kissed a pickle . 
a chief of staff in the delicious sandwich on every chief of staff ate every pickle with the floor with a fine perplexed pickle ! 
the sandwich with the fine pickled fine pickle ate a floor . 
every sandwich on a pickle wanted a chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle on the fine perplexed perplexed floor kissed the sandwich under a floor ? 
is it true that every pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a president ? 
is it true that a chief of staff pickled the delicious fine delicious sandwich ? 
a delicious chief of staff on the perplexed president on a delicious floor under every floor understood a fine perplexed chief of staff with every pickle ! 
a pickle kissed every chief of staff ! 
a president understood the sandwich ! 
the perplexed floor on a president on a perplexed president kissed the chief of staff with a floor . 
the pickle wanted every pickled fine pickle ! 
is it true that the floor on a fine perplexed president with the pickle wanted a fine pickled fine fine pickle on a delicious pickled fine pickled delicious pickle under the delicious president on every floor in the chief of staff with a delicious fine president in every perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff with the perplexed delicious president on every sandwich under a chief of staff on a pickled sandwich on the pickled sandwich in a perplexed president ? 
is it true that a floor understood the pickle in the delicious pickle with a sandwich under a pickle in the delicious pickled delicious pickle ? 
the chief of staff kissed the pickle under a delicious fine fine pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickled delicious sandwich wanted the sandwich ? 
the floor with the floor with a delicious delicious pickled sandwich in a president wanted the delicious delicious president on a delicious chief of staff ! 
a fine chief of staff in a pickled sandwich wanted every pickle on the floor . 
a pickle on the pickle under a chief of staff kissed the sandwich with a pickled pickled chief of staff in a president with the floor on a delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
the president ate the perplexed sandwich in a fine chief of staff with every perplexed sandwich on a chief of staff in the sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor under a pickle understood a floor ? 
a floor wanted a fine perplexed delicious pickled sandwich with the chief of staff with a pickle . 
the pickle understood a pickled delicious floor on every sandwich with every chief of staff . 
every sandwich under a fine chief of staff ate a perplexed fine chief of staff in a delicious floor . 
a fine floor on a fine pickled floor ate a sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled fine floor on a chief of staff ate a president with every floor ? 
is it true that a floor in a delicious chief of staff understood the floor on the president ? 
every floor ate the perplexed pickle under the fine pickled president ! 
the perplexed president wanted the floor . 
a chief of staff in the pickled pickled delicious chief of staff wanted the floor . 
a perplexed pickle ate a floor under the pickled delicious president with a pickled president ! 
a chief of staff ate a pickled pickled floor in the president in a pickled delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff on every pickled sandwich with the fine delicious floor on a president ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a floor with the perplexed pickled delicious delicious fine pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a pickled pickle on a president with the president on the delicious pickled delicious perplexed fine pickled pickled chief of staff on the pickle with every pickle in the pickled chief of staff on the pickle ? 
is it true that a fine delicious pickled floor understood a perplexed pickled chief of staff under a perplexed fine pickled delicious fine floor ? 
the pickle understood every sandwich with the delicious president ! 
a pickled pickle ate the pickle . 
the floor in a fine fine chief of staff with a delicious chief of staff on the delicious president wanted the floor ! 
the delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle under every sandwich kissed a pickled pickle . 
a floor under a chief of staff ate a delicious pickle . 
is it true that the pickle understood the pickled floor under every fine perplexed pickled floor in the sandwich ? 
every floor wanted a chief of staff ! 
a perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood every sandwich . 
the pickle kissed a floor ! 
a delicious chief of staff under every chief of staff in every pickle with a president with a chief of staff under a chief of staff kissed the fine delicious pickle ! 
a floor on the fine delicious sandwich ate a fine perplexed pickle with every president under the president in the sandwich in a delicious pickle under every pickled pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff ate a delicious fine chief of staff in a sandwich with every floor ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff ate a perplexed delicious perplexed president ? 
a perplexed chief of staff on a floor in every perplexed sandwich in a president understood a pickle ! 
a perplexed chief of staff understood a pickled floor under every floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed every floor ? 
the pickle wanted a president . 
the pickle wanted every perplexed delicious pickle under every floor under every fine delicious delicious president with a floor ! 
a president understood a pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a delicious fine floor ? 
a pickle wanted every president . 
the pickled pickled pickled delicious chief of staff understood every president . 
a pickle on a pickle with a pickled fine fine pickle kissed every floor in the delicious fine president ! 
is it true that the pickle ate the floor with every president ? 
every pickle on the perplexed delicious chief of staff in a chief of staff on the delicious pickled president under a chief of staff pickled the perplexed chief of staff . 
a delicious president with a chief of staff understood a pickled pickle with the pickled delicious sandwich under a pickled floor . 
every pickled perplexed delicious sandwich on a sandwich ate the delicious pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed president ate the floor in a sandwich in the pickle under a sandwich on a delicious delicious fine delicious pickled president in the fine sandwich with the perplexed delicious perplexed fine delicious president under a pickled pickle with the chief of staff with the sandwich under a pickle under the chief of staff in the fine fine floor ? 
is it true that a president in the pickled perplexed sandwich with a president in every chief of staff kissed a pickle ? 
the fine fine fine pickle wanted a pickled president . 
every pickled pickle under the pickled president in a pickle under the sandwich in the floor understood the floor on every floor . 
the president kissed a floor . 
a president kissed the president on the president under a perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed president in a fine president on the chief of staff under a pickle ! 
a perplexed pickle on every chief of staff ate a floor under a pickle on the sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine pickled fine pickled fine pickle understood a president ? 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious delicious sandwich understood the delicious floor with every president with every chief of staff under the president with the pickle ? 
a chief of staff kissed the floor ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich kissed a fine delicious chief of staff ? 
the delicious pickled perplexed fine pickle kissed the delicious floor ! 
every sandwich wanted every delicious pickle ! 
the floor kissed the perplexed pickled perplexed president . 
is it true that the president wanted every perplexed perplexed pickle with every sandwich in a pickled floor ? 
the perplexed floor ate a sandwich ! 
every sandwich understood a perplexed sandwich ! 
the delicious president ate a pickle . 
the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff under the pickled fine delicious floor with a pickled pickled perplexed president in a sandwich with the fine floor ate the president ! 
every delicious pickle ate the chief of staff in the floor . 
the perplexed pickle in the floor understood the pickled pickled sandwich ! 
the pickle under the perplexed sandwich under the delicious chief of staff with a fine sandwich in the pickle ate every president ! 
every sandwich understood every chief of staff . 
is it true that every delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff under the president in the president ? 
a chief of staff kissed a president ! 
is it true that the fine president with the pickle understood every floor ? 
a pickled perplexed president with a delicious pickle with a president under the fine pickle in a perplexed pickle ate the floor in a floor on a president with the floor on the perplexed pickled fine floor under a president in the fine perplexed floor on the sandwich under the chief of staff with every delicious fine pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
a perplexed fine delicious perplexed chief of staff on a fine president in a president ate the chief of staff under every fine president . 
is it true that a delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted every sandwich ? 
a perplexed pickle wanted every perplexed pickle in the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich kissed the perplexed fine delicious president on the pickled floor . 
is it true that the pickle in the chief of staff pickled the perplexed perplexed delicious pickle ? 
the floor kissed the sandwich with the fine president . 
the sandwich ate a pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
a floor in a delicious pickle with the pickled chief of staff kissed the delicious perplexed floor under the floor in a floor . 
the fine sandwich in the fine perplexed pickled pickled president pickled a pickle . 
a floor under the floor wanted the president . 
a floor with every floor with a floor wanted every pickle . 
the sandwich ate a fine fine delicious president ! 
a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ! 
a perplexed fine perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich with a sandwich under every president with a fine pickled perplexed chief of staff on every pickle under a perplexed floor in a perplexed sandwich on the floor in every pickle with a chief of staff under a pickle ate the pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
every pickled sandwich kissed the floor . 
is it true that a president kissed the pickled fine floor ? 
is it true that every fine perplexed pickle ate the pickle ? 
a chief of staff in a pickle wanted the fine pickle with a delicious perplexed pickle ! 
the pickled floor understood a sandwich in a floor ! 
is it true that a perplexed pickle in a pickled pickle in a pickle understood a perplexed perplexed chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff in a floor on every sandwich under a chief of staff with a perplexed fine fine delicious chief of staff with a chief of staff with every pickle with a chief of staff on a chief of staff on the sandwich on a sandwich with the floor with every fine delicious pickled delicious pickled chief of staff under every chief of staff with the pickled delicious perplexed sandwich on every president with the pickle under a pickle on the floor in a perplexed delicious delicious fine pickle on the pickled fine sandwich kissed the president with the delicious perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a president kissed every floor ? 
the delicious president ate the fine sandwich in every floor ! 
is it true that a chief of staff on a perplexed perplexed floor understood the pickle ? 
a pickled president in the chief of staff understood a sandwich on every pickled president with a pickled sandwich with the fine chief of staff ! 
the pickled chief of staff ate the chief of staff with a pickle in the pickled chief of staff with a sandwich in every chief of staff on the perplexed chief of staff ! 
the delicious fine floor pickled the sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
every president on every delicious floor in the floor with the floor on the pickle under every pickle on every pickled chief of staff kissed every sandwich . 
the president under the pickle ate a pickled president ! 
the chief of staff wanted a fine floor ! 
the pickle understood a delicious perplexed pickle . 
a perplexed chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled floor understood a sandwich in the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich with every floor with the pickled sandwich on the chief of staff in the delicious delicious pickle on the pickled sandwich with a fine pickled pickle under a delicious perplexed pickled delicious president in the president under the delicious chief of staff with a pickled perplexed fine sandwich in the pickled pickled sandwich under every fine chief of staff under the pickle ate the pickle ? 
a fine delicious perplexed sandwich under a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff kissed a delicious pickle . 
the chief of staff understood the floor . 
is it true that the floor kissed the president ? 
a floor kissed a floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich under every perplexed perplexed president understood the pickle ? 
the fine floor pickled a fine fine floor . 
is it true that every fine sandwich kissed every fine floor with a pickled president ? 
a delicious delicious sandwich with a floor with a delicious floor ate the fine chief of staff . 
a president on every president with a fine president on the perplexed delicious chief of staff under the pickle on the sandwich kissed the pickled delicious perplexed president ! 
a sandwich kissed the pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
the floor understood the floor on a delicious pickled perplexed delicious sandwich with every pickled fine fine delicious pickle ! 
is it true that a delicious sandwich ate the delicious pickle ? 
the pickle kissed every sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle kissed a fine sandwich ? 
every fine sandwich understood every president . 
is it true that the chief of staff under a sandwich wanted a floor under the pickled pickle ? 
is it true that every pickle wanted every pickle on the pickled fine pickle under a perplexed president with a president in every president under the pickled pickled chief of staff under the fine fine pickle ? 
every pickled delicious fine floor understood a president under the pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed fine president in every chief of staff with the fine pickled pickle in the sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the fine pickle wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious fine fine delicious floor on a perplexed sandwich with the fine president with every pickled president in every chief of staff with a perplexed floor ? 
a sandwich understood a chief of staff in the pickled floor . 
is it true that every pickled pickle kissed the sandwich in a pickle under the pickled fine perplexed perplexed sandwich in a fine delicious pickle on a perplexed fine fine perplexed floor in the fine president with the chief of staff on a chief of staff on the pickled floor under every president in every delicious delicious floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich with a floor wanted the fine fine chief of staff on the sandwich under a pickle with a president under a perplexed delicious sandwich with the chief of staff ? 
the president understood the sandwich on the pickled pickled pickle . 
every chief of staff under a chief of staff in the pickle under the perplexed sandwich in every delicious president in a president in every floor in a president under a sandwich in every pickled sandwich under a delicious pickle in every floor on the pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled pickled floor on the president ! 
is it true that a pickle with the sandwich with the floor wanted a pickled president ? 
is it true that the pickled perplexed floor under every sandwich ate the fine pickled president ? 
the sandwich understood every president . 
a perplexed floor in the perplexed pickle in the delicious pickle ate the sandwich ! 
a president understood a pickled sandwich on the fine president ! 
a delicious pickle in a sandwich in every floor under a floor under the president under a pickled perplexed president under the chief of staff in every perplexed perplexed sandwich in a pickle in a pickle under the pickle on a perplexed pickled chief of staff in the pickled pickled delicious pickle with the delicious perplexed pickled president on the floor in every president in a chief of staff wanted a pickle ! 
every perplexed chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every perplexed pickle under a pickled delicious president in the fine pickle on every president wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the president ate a pickled pickled president ? 
a president understood a perplexed floor . 
the sandwich ate a sandwich in a fine chief of staff with the chief of staff under a fine pickle with a fine chief of staff under the chief of staff on a delicious president with the pickled pickle under a delicious floor with a perplexed president with a sandwich under a fine sandwich in the pickled delicious chief of staff under a fine fine floor under a president on a president ! 
the sandwich on the pickled pickle under the pickle on every president on the chief of staff on every delicious delicious chief of staff on a pickled floor understood a fine floor ! 
is it true that every delicious pickle understood every chief of staff on the perplexed chief of staff on a delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted every delicious floor ? 
a pickled fine floor wanted the president ! 
the pickle wanted the president ! 
the pickled pickled floor on a pickle ate every pickled pickle . 
the floor with a chief of staff under a floor wanted a floor . 
the president under the sandwich ate the chief of staff on the sandwich . 
a pickle ate a floor on the chief of staff . 
the sandwich with the perplexed delicious president under the fine pickle wanted the perplexed sandwich . 
a perplexed pickle understood the pickle in a perplexed delicious sandwich with the pickle on the floor under the sandwich ! 
a fine chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious fine president ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every sandwich on the pickle ? 
the delicious pickle ate the president with a fine fine president under every pickle under the floor on the floor under the pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
a perplexed perplexed pickle understood a pickle ! 
is it true that every president kissed the pickled pickled pickle ? 
the perplexed pickled president pickled a pickled floor on a pickle . 
a pickled fine perplexed perplexed president pickled a perplexed president . 
is it true that the sandwich with the president ate a pickle ? 
is it true that every pickled sandwich understood the fine pickle in a fine delicious floor ? 
the pickle understood a perplexed delicious pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff ! 
every president kissed a fine president ! 
a pickled delicious pickled fine fine floor on a pickled delicious president kissed every pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious floor with a chief of staff wanted the president in the pickled pickle ? 
every pickled fine delicious pickle kissed the pickled perplexed pickle . 
every delicious pickled floor in a delicious floor ate the chief of staff in the pickle in the pickle ! 
a floor with a floor kissed a fine fine perplexed pickle . 
the perplexed floor pickled a perplexed chief of staff . 
a floor in the pickled president ate a sandwich on the floor with a pickle ! 
is it true that a fine pickle ate the pickled sandwich with a pickled perplexed fine sandwich on a pickle ? 
every delicious delicious pickled floor understood a delicious delicious sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle in every president wanted the perplexed pickle ? 
every delicious president under every pickle pickled the president . 
the floor kissed every pickled perplexed perplexed pickle . 
a pickled pickled floor understood a president ! 
the pickled president understood the floor . 
the floor understood every perplexed pickle . 
every sandwich ate the pickle with the chief of staff in the fine delicious perplexed chief of staff in a pickled pickle ! 
every sandwich kissed a fine fine chief of staff . 
the sandwich wanted the perplexed president with every delicious sandwich under the president on a floor on the fine floor . 
every president pickled the delicious president ! 
the president with a perplexed fine fine delicious delicious sandwich in the president in the pickle under the chief of staff under every pickle with the pickled pickled fine president on a floor in the pickled sandwich under a perplexed perplexed president on a pickle on every pickled floor in the pickle with every president ate the pickle ! 
the fine delicious sandwich pickled the sandwich . 
every floor wanted the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled fine sandwich wanted a fine fine president under the president in a perplexed president with the sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious delicious fine delicious delicious perplexed floor ate the chief of staff ? 
a perplexed pickle in every floor under a floor under a sandwich on a president on the pickled chief of staff with the delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff on a chief of staff on the sandwich with every president under the perplexed sandwich wanted the president under the chief of staff in the pickle with every perplexed president on a chief of staff . 
is it true that a sandwich understood the sandwich ? 
every perplexed chief of staff understood every president ! 
a president understood a pickle ! 
the pickled floor kissed the fine pickle . 
every president kissed a pickle in a pickled sandwich ! 
every president under the pickled president under the pickled delicious pickled chief of staff wanted the president ! 
the chief of staff wanted the delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff . 
a delicious fine floor under the sandwich under the president in the sandwich wanted a sandwich ! 
the fine pickle under every pickle wanted a chief of staff in the chief of staff in a president in every delicious pickled perplexed president with the pickled pickle with a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff ate a sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle ate the sandwich ? 
the pickled pickle wanted the perplexed fine pickled pickle . 
is it true that the delicious pickle kissed a floor ? 
the delicious perplexed sandwich with the fine delicious pickle understood a fine fine fine pickle . 
a pickled perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed floor wanted a perplexed delicious pickle under the pickle under a sandwich under a pickled floor ? 
every pickle under the delicious perplexed floor wanted a pickled pickle under a floor with the perplexed chief of staff with every perplexed floor . 
a floor understood the sandwich ! 
a sandwich wanted the president ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the fine president ? 
is it true that the president understood the floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed perplexed floor ate the floor ? 
the fine pickle understood the pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled pickled fine fine perplexed fine president pickled the pickled floor ? 
a sandwich ate a president on the delicious fine delicious president ! 
a floor under every fine floor on the pickle with a delicious chief of staff understood a sandwich . 
the chief of staff kissed every delicious pickle . 
the president wanted the perplexed pickled president . 
the pickle wanted the floor . 
is it true that a fine chief of staff under a sandwich kissed every perplexed president under a perplexed sandwich ? 
every chief of staff ate every floor on a pickle on a president ! 
the chief of staff understood a chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle with a perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich wanted the pickled delicious pickle with the pickle on every chief of staff under every chief of staff on the sandwich on the sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted the perplexed perplexed delicious floor with the pickled chief of staff ? 
a delicious floor pickled every floor ! 
every pickle pickled a pickle in the perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a perplexed pickled floor under the floor understood a pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a president ? 
the perplexed fine perplexed sandwich with the fine floor wanted the sandwich ! 
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff understood the perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor on a sandwich wanted the pickled fine sandwich under the pickled floor in the chief of staff ? 
a fine fine pickled sandwich ate a sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich with the sandwich wanted the floor with a perplexed chief of staff under the fine delicious sandwich on every sandwich under the president on a president in every fine chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff with the floor ate the fine pickle . 
is it true that the pickled sandwich with the delicious sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
the pickled fine floor in every floor in the sandwich ate a floor . 
every sandwich wanted every fine president ! 
the pickled floor under every president in the president under the president with a sandwich wanted every president with the chief of staff ! 
every president wanted the sandwich under the floor under the perplexed perplexed pickle with the delicious sandwich in a delicious floor under a president with a pickled perplexed sandwich with a president on the pickle under every pickled floor in every fine delicious perplexed pickled pickle on a president in every pickled sandwich with the pickle with a chief of staff in a pickled pickle under the president in the perplexed president with a delicious floor under every perplexed delicious pickle on the pickle . 
the floor ate a fine chief of staff ! 
the delicious sandwich wanted every pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickled fine delicious floor understood every delicious pickled pickled fine chief of staff . 
a fine floor on every pickle ate the sandwich . 
the perplexed chief of staff in the president on the fine chief of staff kissed a sandwich ! 
the floor understood every sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle kissed every president on every pickled pickle on every fine perplexed sandwich in every chief of staff with the pickled fine sandwich in the delicious sandwich on a floor ? 
a delicious delicious president wanted every sandwich in the sandwich under a fine fine president on every chief of staff ! 
is it true that every floor wanted a floor ? 
the sandwich understood a pickled sandwich on the chief of staff in every sandwich with the perplexed floor with every president ! 
the delicious president understood the floor ! 
is it true that every perplexed pickled floor understood the floor with the pickled fine chief of staff with the president in a chief of staff in the chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich with the delicious pickle on every pickled delicious president ? 
a president wanted every floor ! 
a floor with the pickle in a pickled pickle understood a delicious sandwich . 
the chief of staff ate the sandwich in the floor on the perplexed president in a perplexed pickled fine fine floor in the pickle under every president in the chief of staff with a floor in a sandwich ! 
the floor under a floor ate a pickled president ! 
a sandwich with a fine floor on a pickled pickle with the fine president in every perplexed perplexed fine delicious president on a sandwich on a pickled pickle in the president under every president on a chief of staff with the perplexed fine perplexed fine fine floor on the delicious pickled floor on the president with a pickle understood the floor in the pickled chief of staff with the perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed pickle . 
a delicious perplexed floor wanted the fine floor ! 
every chief of staff under the sandwich in the fine fine pickled president under the pickle on every floor kissed every floor . 
is it true that every sandwich on every president wanted a president ? 
is it true that a sandwich on every perplexed floor kissed the fine fine president ? 
a sandwich ate the perplexed sandwich ! 
the floor wanted the sandwich in a pickle . 
every chief of staff kissed every fine perplexed pickle . 
the president kissed every chief of staff ! 
the sandwich kissed the delicious president . 
is it true that the chief of staff with the delicious pickle wanted the pickle on the fine floor with the president ? 
is it true that the fine president kissed the president ? 
the perplexed pickle wanted every pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that a sandwich on a fine pickle understood the fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff on a sandwich wanted the delicious perplexed delicious president ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed floor in a delicious pickle under every floor ? 
the pickle understood the fine president ! 
every sandwich on the fine pickle wanted every fine pickle . 
is it true that a fine fine chief of staff ate the floor ? 
the fine chief of staff ate every pickle . 
every delicious fine pickle with a chief of staff with every floor wanted a sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
every sandwich kissed a chief of staff with the chief of staff ! 
a sandwich in the pickled president with the chief of staff in the floor on the pickled delicious pickle with the president with the fine floor under the president kissed the president . 
every fine fine chief of staff kissed the pickle ! 
the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff on the fine floor on every delicious sandwich under the chief of staff understood a floor . 
every chief of staff on the perplexed delicious fine fine sandwich with the pickle wanted every sandwich with every chief of staff in the fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate every delicious floor ? 
every pickled sandwich wanted a sandwich on the fine pickled pickled floor ! 
the fine sandwich kissed a floor . 
is it true that a president understood the perplexed perplexed floor ? 
the pickle understood every fine fine floor ! 
the president under the sandwich ate the floor ! 
a delicious sandwich understood the chief of staff on a sandwich in a pickle under a chief of staff in the floor ! 
the chief of staff understood a president . 
the sandwich kissed the pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff with the sandwich with the pickled fine perplexed president on a president pickled a delicious fine perplexed perplexed president ? 
is it true that every president ate the pickled floor in a perplexed pickled sandwich under a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff ate the fine pickle on a fine pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich in every chief of staff under a pickle under the pickled president on a delicious pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich under the pickled sandwich on the pickled chief of staff in a sandwich under the fine floor under the chief of staff with the pickled delicious fine chief of staff under the fine sandwich kissed a sandwich ? 
a floor wanted the pickled fine delicious floor on the fine president ! 
is it true that a pickled president pickled the chief of staff under a pickled floor ? 
a floor kissed the floor ! 
the pickled delicious floor ate the sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed the sandwich in the perplexed fine sandwich in a pickle in a fine floor on a chief of staff in the president with a pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle under a chief of staff in every delicious sandwich with the perplexed pickled pickle with a sandwich with the chief of staff in a chief of staff in every chief of staff on every president with a delicious pickle with a pickle with the president in every pickle on the pickle wanted a floor in the delicious sandwich ? 
the floor understood the delicious president ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the floor with the perplexed sandwich under the president ? 
every pickle wanted the delicious perplexed pickled pickled sandwich under a fine pickle . 
is it true that a pickle understood a perplexed delicious pickle ? 
a fine floor understood a pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a pickled president ? 
is it true that the pickle understood a president on the perplexed pickle in every delicious perplexed sandwich on every pickled chief of staff on every perplexed president ? 
every perplexed pickled pickled president ate a fine fine pickle . 
the pickled delicious fine fine pickled pickled pickled delicious pickled perplexed fine pickled fine president wanted a perplexed delicious pickle with the fine sandwich under the delicious delicious perplexed pickle . 
every floor understood every fine pickled delicious perplexed fine chief of staff with the sandwich on a fine floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood every fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff in a pickled floor wanted the sandwich ? 
the delicious pickle ate the floor ! 
a sandwich wanted a chief of staff . 
every delicious fine president under the chief of staff with a perplexed pickle under the president on a pickle understood a floor on a president under the sandwich in the perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the president wanted the pickle in every delicious delicious delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the delicious delicious pickled pickled sandwich on a fine floor with every delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the sandwich ? 
every sandwich wanted the president . 
a president on a president ate the perplexed sandwich with a president . 
a sandwich in every floor in the delicious sandwich on every pickled floor with the floor under the fine fine chief of staff under a sandwich under a chief of staff ate the pickle in a fine pickle in a chief of staff on the perplexed fine sandwich on every sandwich on the floor in the pickled delicious perplexed pickle with a delicious fine floor ! 
a floor kissed every pickled perplexed president ! 
the floor wanted a pickle ! 
the president kissed the sandwich with the floor . 
is it true that the pickled delicious president wanted a floor ? 
the chief of staff on the floor on the sandwich with every president in every chief of staff on the chief of staff wanted every pickled delicious president on the sandwich on the pickled fine chief of staff under every delicious president ! 
a sandwich pickled a pickle . 
every sandwich wanted a chief of staff in every chief of staff . 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff pickled the floor ? 
a floor in a chief of staff in every president with a chief of staff wanted the sandwich in the president . 
the delicious perplexed floor kissed a fine sandwich in a sandwich on the chief of staff under a floor ! 
every floor kissed the chief of staff . 
the floor kissed a president ! 
the perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff . 
the sandwich in a pickle under the fine floor on the perplexed president under the pickle wanted a chief of staff . 
the president kissed the floor ! 
a pickle kissed every sandwich under a delicious fine chief of staff on the floor with the delicious floor under the pickle with a floor in the sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor in a delicious president understood the sandwich ? 
a pickled floor understood the fine perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a fine delicious delicious pickle under a chief of staff in the sandwich ate the perplexed president ? 
every president in the floor under the sandwich under the floor in the perplexed delicious perplexed president on the delicious pickled fine sandwich on the sandwich pickled the sandwich on the floor on the pickle in every floor under the fine fine floor under the perplexed perplexed president with every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle ate every delicious delicious fine floor on a fine floor with a delicious chief of staff ? 
a pickled floor understood a sandwich . 
the president with a president understood a president ! 
a delicious chief of staff wanted a delicious president with the perplexed delicious chief of staff on a fine fine sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled pickle under the perplexed sandwich with every sandwich under a perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff ? 
the floor wanted every fine pickle . 
every sandwich ate every sandwich ! 
a sandwich understood the pickled chief of staff . 
the pickled floor ate the president . 
the pickled chief of staff kissed the pickle under the fine delicious delicious floor . 
the fine fine sandwich on the perplexed floor ate the pickled perplexed floor with a fine floor under the pickle . 
a pickle kissed the pickled floor ! 
every chief of staff kissed the pickle under the sandwich . 
the pickled pickle wanted a fine fine delicious sandwich with the pickle ! 
is it true that a delicious sandwich ate the fine pickled fine chief of staff ? 
a perplexed pickled sandwich under the pickle under every perplexed pickled pickle wanted the delicious fine perplexed fine sandwich . 
every fine sandwich in the president ate the pickle ! 
a sandwich wanted a fine sandwich . 
the president under a delicious sandwich on a delicious pickle under every chief of staff on the delicious pickle wanted a fine delicious sandwich on a chief of staff under a perplexed president under a delicious pickle with a delicious president on the sandwich in the pickle ! 
is it true that the president on a chief of staff with every fine delicious delicious pickle in a perplexed pickle wanted every fine pickled sandwich under every delicious pickled pickle with a delicious sandwich in the president under every president ? 
is it true that the delicious sandwich kissed a fine delicious perplexed floor ? 
the president understood the chief of staff under every chief of staff in a pickled sandwich ! 
a perplexed floor wanted a sandwich in a pickle with the delicious pickled president in the chief of staff in a president under the delicious pickle in the delicious floor on a delicious delicious pickle on the pickle . 
is it true that the fine pickled fine pickled fine pickle on the pickled perplexed delicious president ate a pickled president ? 
the perplexed floor kissed a president . 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff understood the pickled pickled fine sandwich ? 
a chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor wanted a delicious perplexed president ? 
is it true that a sandwich ate the pickle ? 
the pickled pickle in the chief of staff on every sandwich ate a chief of staff . 
every floor understood the sandwich in every president . 
every pickle wanted a pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff on a fine president in every chief of staff with the fine fine sandwich on every pickle with the perplexed chief of staff kissed a president on the fine pickled floor ? 
the pickle kissed the chief of staff in every delicious chief of staff under the pickle ! 
is it true that the floor with a sandwich with a pickle on every fine perplexed fine pickled pickle in the fine floor on the fine delicious pickle wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the floor kissed a pickled perplexed president ? 
the president with every perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate the fine fine pickled pickle . 
the chief of staff wanted every pickle ! 
the pickled pickled floor understood the perplexed pickled floor ! 
is it true that a floor ate the floor ? 
every pickle understood the pickle ! 
the pickled chief of staff kissed the president under every chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious pickled perplexed floor understood the perplexed fine floor ? 
a president in every perplexed chief of staff pickled the delicious pickle ! 
the pickle on the pickle ate the sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a pickle under the president ? 
the perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff . 
a perplexed fine president wanted a floor . 
the floor under the pickle with the delicious sandwich in a chief of staff with the floor on a chief of staff under the chief of staff understood a pickled pickle ! 
the pickle under the pickled pickled perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich wanted a pickle . 
a delicious pickled pickle ate the chief of staff under the sandwich ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed the delicious perplexed pickle under every pickle ? 
a delicious president kissed the pickle . 
a fine delicious pickle ate the pickle ! 
every perplexed fine fine sandwich kissed the pickle ! 
the sandwich understood a fine sandwich on the floor . 
every pickle wanted the floor . 
the chief of staff understood the floor ! 
a fine president with every pickle with a floor wanted the chief of staff . 
the delicious chief of staff in a perplexed sandwich on the perplexed floor under the pickled chief of staff with every fine pickle with a pickle ate the floor under a fine delicious president . 
the floor kissed the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious pickled chief of staff kissed a president ? 
is it true that the floor understood every president on every floor on a sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickled fine chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? 
a delicious chief of staff wanted the delicious pickled floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed floor ate a floor ? 
every floor pickled a floor under every delicious fine delicious delicious pickled president on a president . 
is it true that the delicious perplexed chief of staff on every sandwich understood a floor on the fine perplexed floor under the president under every perplexed floor with the pickled president under a delicious chief of staff on the pickle on a sandwich ? 
the chief of staff understood the delicious perplexed pickle with every perplexed chief of staff . 
the perplexed fine sandwich understood the perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich with the chief of staff with the chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff in every pickled perplexed president in the chief of staff understood the delicious pickled president on every president on every president with the delicious chief of staff on the delicious sandwich in every fine president in the floor ! 
every floor pickled the chief of staff . 
is it true that the president wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious delicious fine floor understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that a fine sandwich ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled fine president kissed the pickled perplexed fine pickle ? 
the sandwich in the pickle ate the floor with every delicious chief of staff in a sandwich . 
every delicious pickle kissed a delicious president ! 
the sandwich kissed a chief of staff with the pickle ! 
is it true that a sandwich with the pickle on a perplexed chief of staff ate every fine perplexed delicious floor ? 
the sandwich understood every pickled floor ! 
is it true that the delicious fine perplexed chief of staff wanted a delicious sandwich on every delicious floor in every sandwich in the chief of staff in a pickled floor ? 
a pickle wanted the floor . 
the fine sandwich kissed the fine sandwich . 
is it true that a fine fine floor with the delicious pickle with a perplexed floor with every perplexed pickle with a delicious chief of staff in a pickle under the sandwich kissed every fine chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff kissed every sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every sandwich ? 
every floor wanted the fine fine pickled floor . 
the president wanted a fine perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that a president wanted a delicious sandwich ? 
a sandwich in a fine delicious fine sandwich understood every pickle on every pickle on a fine pickled perplexed pickled floor in the president on a president under a president with a sandwich with every delicious president under the delicious pickled delicious president in the pickled floor under every president under the sandwich under a pickled chief of staff in the fine pickled president with the pickled floor with a delicious perplexed president in a pickled delicious fine fine delicious president in the pickled fine pickle . 
a sandwich kissed a president ! 
a perplexed delicious pickled perplexed sandwich in every floor ate a pickle ! 
the floor with a pickle kissed a fine delicious chief of staff . 
the fine delicious delicious president under a pickled fine delicious fine president with every fine pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich under the floor pickled the floor ! 
the fine floor wanted the floor . 
every fine sandwich with the president ate a floor under a perplexed perplexed chief of staff with the chief of staff with a pickle under every perplexed president ! 
a sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
the floor ate the chief of staff under a pickle ! 
the delicious chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
every perplexed sandwich ate a pickled chief of staff on the pickle ! 
a delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that every sandwich wanted the floor ? 
is it true that a fine perplexed sandwich on the pickle on the president on a pickled chief of staff on the chief of staff under a president on every perplexed perplexed president ate a president on a president under a president ? 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff wanted the floor in a delicious sandwich ? 
the chief of staff kissed a fine president . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich ate a pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle understood the pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted the sandwich in a delicious president ? 
is it true that a floor kissed the floor with a floor ? 
the delicious perplexed delicious fine sandwich kissed a pickled pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the fine floor with the fine president ate every delicious perplexed perplexed delicious president in every pickled delicious president ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled president kissed the pickled floor ? 
the perplexed delicious chief of staff with the president wanted a delicious pickled fine pickle . 
is it true that every sandwich in a sandwich understood the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
the sandwich wanted the chief of staff in the sandwich with the sandwich ! 
a perplexed perplexed fine perplexed president in the chief of staff kissed every floor ! 
is it true that the pickled fine fine president kissed the pickle ? 
the pickle under a fine pickle with a president with the fine delicious sandwich with a pickle wanted the pickled delicious fine delicious chief of staff with a perplexed floor ! 
the delicious pickle with every perplexed floor under a pickled chief of staff wanted the president . 
a fine chief of staff with the pickle wanted the perplexed pickle . 
the pickled sandwich wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff in a pickled fine chief of staff kissed a pickled delicious floor ? 
the sandwich understood a fine delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
a fine pickle wanted a perplexed president ! 
is it true that the floor kissed every president on the delicious fine chief of staff ? 
a perplexed delicious president under the floor with a pickle pickled a floor ! 
is it true that a floor in a pickle in every president on the pickled sandwich with the president on a fine delicious floor under the pickle under every pickled perplexed pickled sandwich on a pickle with a fine fine sandwich kissed every president ? 
a chief of staff on a floor ate the president ! 
is it true that every fine fine delicious chief of staff on the president under a perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich with the president ate a perplexed floor with the floor under a pickle under a president ? 
is it true that the floor on a president kissed the fine pickled floor ? 
a delicious chief of staff kissed the delicious floor . 
the delicious floor wanted the fine pickled president ! 
every pickle kissed a president . 
is it true that the delicious pickle in every president under every fine floor with a sandwich in the president under every floor ate a floor ? 
the sandwich in the chief of staff understood every pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff kissed a perplexed fine fine floor ? 
the floor kissed a perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious pickle understood a chief of staff ? 
every fine floor kissed the chief of staff under the fine pickle in a perplexed sandwich in a sandwich under every floor . 
is it true that the floor on the fine chief of staff in a fine floor with a president with the fine delicious floor under every sandwich with the pickled fine fine perplexed pickled sandwich with every fine delicious president in the chief of staff in a fine pickled fine delicious floor on the perplexed pickle under the pickled fine delicious pickled chief of staff under the delicious fine perplexed chief of staff with a pickle kissed the delicious perplexed chief of staff ? 
the pickle understood the fine delicious pickled floor . 
the pickle ate the pickled floor . 
a sandwich kissed a president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the perplexed pickle on the chief of staff with a chief of staff in a chief of staff under the delicious floor ? 
the delicious sandwich on every fine president wanted the sandwich with a perplexed floor on the fine pickle ! 
a president kissed a chief of staff in a fine chief of staff . 
a perplexed fine pickle understood every perplexed delicious president on a delicious perplexed chief of staff with the president with a floor on a delicious delicious delicious pickled pickled pickled perplexed delicious fine pickled president . 
the pickle ate the sandwich ! 
the floor kissed every chief of staff under every pickled chief of staff ! 
a pickled sandwich kissed the perplexed delicious chief of staff ! 
every perplexed sandwich ate every pickled perplexed delicious floor ! 
a fine perplexed chief of staff under the pickled perplexed perplexed president on the pickle kissed a president under a sandwich with the perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that a president with the sandwich ate every fine floor under the floor ? 
every sandwich with the pickled fine sandwich with the pickle understood every pickled pickled pickled perplexed floor ! 
the pickle kissed the pickle . 
the pickle in the president wanted a sandwich under the chief of staff with the perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed fine chief of staff . 
every pickled floor ate the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that a president under every president with the pickle kissed a perplexed fine pickled sandwich on the perplexed perplexed president on the perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
a perplexed pickled president understood a perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled delicious floor in every chief of staff kissed the president with the pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the chief of staff on the delicious president under a pickled pickled floor ? 
a fine president understood a perplexed sandwich ! 
every pickle ate the perplexed delicious president ! 
every president kissed the pickled chief of staff on a pickled perplexed sandwich with the fine pickled perplexed floor . 
the chief of staff on a delicious president kissed the sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich wanted a president ? 
the chief of staff understood a floor . 
the chief of staff understood a pickle in a pickle . 
every floor wanted every pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled fine sandwich under the president ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle on every sandwich with the fine perplexed sandwich with the president on the pickled sandwich with the president kissed every delicious delicious pickle with the sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious perplexed chief of staff with the fine perplexed perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff under every sandwich ate the pickled fine fine floor ? 
a delicious floor under a pickled floor wanted the chief of staff on a pickled sandwich under a pickled sandwich . 
the perplexed perplexed fine floor wanted the pickle . 
the pickle with the pickle with a president ate every perplexed sandwich . 
the pickle understood the delicious pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff under a sandwich in a fine perplexed fine perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle in the sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious perplexed president with a pickled fine fine pickle on the fine pickle wanted the fine sandwich with the pickle on the fine pickle with every sandwich on a fine perplexed pickle ? 
the perplexed pickled president ate the floor . 
a perplexed pickle with a floor on a fine fine fine sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff on a delicious sandwich with the pickled floor with a sandwich kissed every perplexed president . 
the fine perplexed pickle ate the pickle . 
every delicious perplexed delicious perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the pickled president ! 
a fine perplexed fine fine fine pickle understood the pickle with a sandwich in every pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the floor kissed the sandwich ? 
a floor wanted the pickled pickle ! 
the president kissed a floor under the floor ! 
the perplexed president under the pickle on the pickled floor in every fine pickle in the chief of staff on the fine pickle on a delicious chief of staff on the president under the pickled president under the pickled pickled floor understood every delicious sandwich under a perplexed chief of staff on the perplexed pickled chief of staff . 
the delicious perplexed sandwich ate the sandwich on every pickle in the president . 
a delicious delicious fine pickled sandwich kissed the president on the chief of staff ! 
every fine fine sandwich ate a floor in a pickled pickle ! 
the chief of staff in the perplexed pickle on every chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed floor under the delicious sandwich in the pickle understood a perplexed floor in the president with every floor with the fine perplexed floor on the president with the pickled pickle . 
the sandwich wanted the fine perplexed floor . 
a perplexed floor under the president with the chief of staff in a delicious pickled perplexed sandwich with the sandwich with the delicious perplexed perplexed pickle on a chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle understood the president in a floor . 
the pickled chief of staff kissed a fine delicious pickle . 
the chief of staff in a pickle under every floor wanted the pickle ! 
the floor kissed a chief of staff ! 
a pickle in a floor understood the floor ! 
the floor kissed the pickle . 
the pickled fine floor understood a floor ! 
the delicious perplexed delicious floor ate the fine perplexed fine delicious floor . 
the president with the delicious floor in every president on every sandwich with a pickle in a sandwich in the sandwich in a pickled chief of staff under every president wanted every floor ! 
the perplexed pickled pickle understood the pickled chief of staff on every delicious delicious pickled delicious president on a pickled delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a floor kissed a perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich ? 
every delicious delicious floor with every delicious sandwich on the sandwich with the delicious sandwich with the delicious delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff in the president in the floor with every delicious sandwich ate the fine perplexed sandwich with every perplexed pickle with the fine pickled pickle . 
every pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted a delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff on every sandwich . 
a floor in a perplexed delicious sandwich wanted a pickled fine perplexed chief of staff under the pickle under the floor on a chief of staff . 
a sandwich on a perplexed president under every sandwich ate the delicious pickled sandwich with every pickled president in the perplexed president on the pickled sandwich in a floor ! 
is it true that a floor on a sandwich pickled the president ? 
the floor understood a sandwich ! 
a perplexed perplexed pickle understood a perplexed delicious floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted a perplexed fine pickled pickled sandwich ? 
every delicious pickled pickle on the perplexed president wanted the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the president ate the delicious floor ? 
a pickled delicious perplexed perplexed pickle understood the fine president ! 
every president in the fine perplexed pickle ate the sandwich in every president under a floor under every sandwich in the pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich on the delicious delicious fine fine fine perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich on a floor under the sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
a perplexed pickled chief of staff pickled every floor ! 
a delicious delicious floor under every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ! 
the floor wanted the delicious pickle ! 
every pickled chief of staff with the fine delicious fine chief of staff ate the pickled floor with the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a pickled pickle ? 
the floor in the perplexed sandwich understood a president . 
is it true that a fine sandwich in the pickle under the president with the president on the sandwich in a president kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the delicious perplexed floor in the pickled delicious sandwich under a delicious sandwich under a president with every chief of staff understood the pickle under every pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed a floor ? 
every sandwich ate the president with the chief of staff with every fine pickle under a pickle on the chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed fine pickle with every perplexed sandwich in a perplexed sandwich with the president under the fine pickle under a sandwich with a chief of staff under the chief of staff with every floor on a floor with a perplexed president under the floor ! 
is it true that a pickled perplexed delicious president kissed the sandwich under a perplexed delicious fine fine delicious floor in a floor on a sandwich in the sandwich with a delicious floor in the floor on a president on the sandwich on a pickled floor on every president in every pickled president with the sandwich on the pickle in a chief of staff with a president on the president on the perplexed pickled fine pickle ? 
a fine pickle wanted the sandwich in a floor . 
the sandwich with a delicious president in every president ate the pickle ! 
a fine president pickled the floor ! 
a chief of staff ate the fine delicious delicious sandwich . 
the pickle on a fine perplexed fine chief of staff understood every sandwich . 
the pickle kissed the floor ! 
the fine president ate a president ! 
is it true that the president in the fine pickle under every sandwich with every pickle under the floor on the pickle under a fine chief of staff in the delicious pickled fine pickled pickle in the president with a pickled chief of staff on the perplexed chief of staff on the perplexed delicious chief of staff in the pickled fine sandwich kissed the fine floor ? 
is it true that every pickle wanted the pickle on every sandwich in the pickle with every president under the fine chief of staff ? 
every floor wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the delicious pickled pickled pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor understood the president under every pickled floor ? 
the pickled sandwich with a president ate a perplexed sandwich . 
every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
the fine pickled sandwich understood every president . 
the delicious floor kissed a perplexed floor under the president ! 
is it true that a delicious president under the sandwich kissed the delicious delicious fine pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ? 
the sandwich kissed the pickle with a sandwich on the floor under a delicious floor on a perplexed delicious delicious delicious pickled floor with the delicious president with every fine president with the pickle in every floor . 
every president understood the perplexed chief of staff on the perplexed pickled sandwich in every floor on every floor under the floor with a perplexed pickle ! 
a president wanted a pickle ! 
a perplexed president in the delicious president with every pickle ate a pickle in the floor . 
every floor on a sandwich under the chief of staff kissed the president with the pickle ! 
the president on every perplexed president kissed the pickled chief of staff . 
the delicious pickle under a chief of staff in a president kissed a floor ! 
the fine chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff with the president with the president on a floor understood a floor . 
the pickle under every president under the pickle under every delicious perplexed president wanted the pickled president . 
the floor in the chief of staff kissed a delicious sandwich . 
is it true that every delicious president with the sandwich wanted the delicious fine pickled delicious floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a pickled floor ? 
a perplexed president ate the floor ! 
is it true that the floor pickled a floor ? 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a pickle ? 
the fine pickle ate a president ! 
is it true that a fine fine pickled floor ate a perplexed floor on the floor with a sandwich ? 
the floor with a sandwich under the sandwich under the chief of staff understood the floor ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed every perplexed pickle with the sandwich in a perplexed pickled sandwich on the pickled pickled delicious floor with the delicious sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a floor ? 
the pickled pickle wanted a delicious fine pickled delicious president ! 
the perplexed perplexed president wanted the fine president with a president ! 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor under the sandwich with a pickle understood a fine president ? 
is it true that the fine president understood the pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich on the delicious president under the delicious sandwich kissed a pickled floor with every pickled pickled delicious sandwich on the chief of staff on the fine perplexed delicious delicious pickled fine fine perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that the president understood the pickle ? 
every delicious delicious chief of staff with a pickled sandwich under the pickle in the perplexed perplexed delicious president under the pickle ate a sandwich on every sandwich under the pickled fine pickled chief of staff on the fine sandwich ! 
the sandwich on every floor on a pickle under every sandwich under a perplexed chief of staff under every pickled fine delicious floor with every sandwich in a pickled president with a floor in a perplexed chief of staff kissed a chief of staff with a pickle ! 
a chief of staff under every fine president wanted a president . 
the sandwich under every sandwich in the pickle wanted the sandwich . 
a fine chief of staff in the floor wanted a pickle under a pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff wanted the sandwich ? 
the sandwich kissed the pickled delicious floor in the fine president under every fine pickled chief of staff ! 
the fine fine delicious pickled chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ! 
the delicious sandwich ate every president ! 
a delicious president on the fine floor with the floor wanted the delicious pickle . 
is it true that the floor on every perplexed perplexed floor ate every floor ? 
is it true that every fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff on every sandwich wanted the pickle ? 
the pickle on the president in a president under every pickled chief of staff under the sandwich on a pickle wanted a chief of staff . 
a floor wanted the floor ! 
the president under the perplexed perplexed president in the delicious delicious chief of staff under every floor understood the floor on the pickled pickle . 
the pickle ate the pickle under every chief of staff . 
the fine chief of staff ate the pickle on the chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted the perplexed president . 
a fine fine delicious pickled perplexed fine floor wanted a perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a pickled sandwich wanted a president under the chief of staff under every pickle on a delicious pickle on the president on the perplexed delicious delicious floor under the perplexed floor in a delicious chief of staff ? 
the delicious perplexed delicious fine perplexed pickled floor kissed a pickled floor . 
a floor ate the floor . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich wanted a pickled pickled perplexed delicious pickle ? 
every perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
the floor in a floor under every president with the delicious chief of staff with the president on a chief of staff with a pickled pickled chief of staff with the chief of staff wanted a president in a pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle in every fine pickle on a delicious floor on a fine president in the pickle on a fine pickled perplexed pickle with every sandwich on the sandwich wanted the pickled sandwich in a pickle on a fine president on the pickled pickled pickled president ? 
the delicious president kissed a president in the chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickle wanted the sandwich in the delicious president ? 
a president kissed a perplexed sandwich with every fine fine sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed president kissed the pickle with the sandwich ? 
is it true that a fine fine fine pickled pickle wanted every perplexed pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious sandwich under every pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff in a perplexed fine president with the delicious pickled delicious president kissed the fine sandwich ? 
a president understood a pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickled perplexed fine chief of staff kissed every delicious president in a president ? 
a fine president wanted every floor ! 
the pickled sandwich under a floor under the sandwich in the pickled fine perplexed perplexed fine floor understood the sandwich . 
a floor on the delicious perplexed pickle understood the president ! 
the president in every chief of staff kissed a fine perplexed perplexed president in the sandwich on a floor on the pickle in the pickled chief of staff ! 
every sandwich kissed a pickled pickled pickle with a fine delicious pickle with the president on the delicious delicious delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine chief of staff in the perplexed floor under the fine chief of staff in the pickle in a perplexed pickle kissed every pickled pickled delicious sandwich in every fine floor under the fine fine chief of staff ? 
every pickle wanted the chief of staff with the chief of staff with a fine pickled perplexed pickle ! 
the pickled sandwich wanted the chief of staff . 
the president wanted the president under the pickle under a perplexed fine president . 
is it true that a floor understood the perplexed president ? 
a chief of staff with every fine sandwich kissed a president . 
is it true that a delicious president understood every floor ? 
the delicious president in the perplexed president in every pickle kissed the pickled pickled perplexed fine president . 
every president understood the delicious delicious president . 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff understood the floor ? 
a perplexed president on a floor wanted the perplexed floor ! 
is it true that every delicious pickle kissed the floor ? 
every perplexed pickled president kissed the floor under the floor on every perplexed chief of staff in the floor on a fine pickled perplexed fine pickled pickle under every sandwich . 
is it true that the fine sandwich understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious delicious delicious fine floor under the perplexed president on the perplexed pickled fine chief of staff with a president in every president on the pickle on a fine floor on a perplexed fine chief of staff in the pickle in the delicious chief of staff with a delicious perplexed president in a pickled delicious perplexed floor on a fine floor under the pickle in the floor on the chief of staff in every president on the delicious floor understood every pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious sandwich kissed the perplexed fine sandwich in every perplexed fine delicious chief of staff in a fine fine perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickle kissed a pickled pickle ? 
the perplexed pickled pickle understood the chief of staff in every floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff ? 
the floor under a pickled pickled sandwich under a chief of staff kissed a president ! 
the floor kissed the pickled chief of staff . 
the fine chief of staff wanted the sandwich with the sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled pickle ate the sandwich in the president ? 
every sandwich under a floor with the delicious sandwich in a president with a sandwich on the sandwich on every pickle in the pickle with every pickle kissed every delicious chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
the pickled fine perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich with the pickle kissed the floor under the perplexed president . 
a pickle wanted every chief of staff ! 
the fine pickled floor understood a fine chief of staff ! 
a pickle in the delicious perplexed fine sandwich ate a pickle under every delicious president ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a delicious fine delicious pickled president ? 
the president ate the chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff with the pickled floor wanted the perplexed pickle under the sandwich in the delicious pickled pickle . 
the sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that the president with a floor kissed the delicious pickle ? 
every chief of staff understood the chief of staff in the pickle under every delicious perplexed fine floor under every fine chief of staff under a pickle in every president on every pickled delicious pickle . 
is it true that a floor kissed the pickle with the perplexed sandwich with the fine president ? 
every chief of staff in the delicious pickle under every chief of staff in the pickle on the floor with every pickled delicious delicious pickled floor in a floor on the perplexed pickled floor in a chief of staff with a pickle ate the president with every pickle on every pickle on the pickled chief of staff on the pickled perplexed pickle ! 
every chief of staff under the pickle ate a president ! 
the fine pickle with the fine delicious perplexed floor in the pickle under every floor in a pickle under a pickle on every president in a delicious perplexed chief of staff understood a floor under a pickle in the pickle ! 
the pickle pickled a president ! 
the president with the sandwich with the pickled pickled floor on the floor wanted a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff ate the chief of staff under a perplexed pickle on the chief of staff on a chief of staff . 
a delicious sandwich under a delicious chief of staff under a sandwich ate the floor ! 
a floor ate every sandwich . 
the pickled president under the perplexed floor on a perplexed sandwich on the floor in a sandwich in the pickled pickle ate a pickle . 
a floor under a fine perplexed chief of staff with a perplexed floor under the perplexed delicious pickled floor in every pickle under the pickle ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the chief of staff ? 
the delicious delicious sandwich understood a sandwich ! 
the pickle understood the perplexed sandwich . 
the floor ate a pickle in a fine delicious pickled sandwich under every president with a pickle in the president under a fine sandwich ! 
a delicious sandwich wanted every delicious delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle in a chief of staff pickled a sandwich ? 
every delicious chief of staff on the floor with every delicious fine sandwich under a chief of staff wanted every floor with the perplexed pickle . 
a chief of staff pickled a pickled president . 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed the fine perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
the perplexed sandwich wanted a sandwich ! 
a floor kissed a sandwich . 
every floor on the perplexed floor under the floor in a pickled president on a pickle on a floor with a pickle under a floor under a floor in the floor with the perplexed floor with the president on the sandwich under the chief of staff with the fine pickle on the chief of staff with a president under every chief of staff on the president wanted a president . 
a floor understood the floor ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed a floor in the perplexed floor ? 
a pickle wanted a floor in a fine floor under the delicious delicious president . 
a president kissed every sandwich on every pickled floor . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the fine fine sandwich under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine fine delicious pickle in a pickle in the sandwich on the fine floor with the fine president understood the fine delicious president ? 
the president on the fine sandwich understood a president . 
a pickled pickled pickle ate the pickle in the delicious fine fine president with the fine chief of staff on a chief of staff . 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff in the fine chief of staff under every delicious pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff on a floor with the fine fine fine president in the pickled president on a fine fine delicious delicious delicious chief of staff on the pickled pickle with the perplexed floor on the president with the chief of staff under the chief of staff under the pickle in a sandwich under a president with the perplexed president with every delicious delicious chief of staff in a chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed pickle in the perplexed sandwich on the president with the sandwich ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that a president with the fine floor kissed the pickled pickle with a chief of staff ? 
the sandwich wanted a pickled chief of staff with the pickled president ! 
the pickled fine delicious pickled pickled perplexed delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
the sandwich wanted a pickled chief of staff with the chief of staff with the fine pickle with a pickle under the pickle in every sandwich under every pickle on every pickle ! 
the pickled fine fine fine chief of staff kissed the president . 
is it true that a sandwich pickled a pickled sandwich on the chief of staff on the delicious perplexed fine president in the sandwich in the pickled perplexed delicious fine chief of staff under the president with the perplexed fine pickled chief of staff ? 
a sandwich kissed the delicious sandwich . 
the perplexed pickle wanted a perplexed pickle in every fine pickle . 
is it true that a fine delicious chief of staff under a president in the sandwich in the delicious sandwich on a floor in a sandwich under the president on the delicious president with the pickle on the fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed delicious pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff on a delicious president wanted the president ? 
the pickle kissed the floor . 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every pickle ? 
the fine perplexed chief of staff ate a floor in the pickle . 
is it true that a floor kissed the pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
the president on the chief of staff with the pickle kissed the pickled delicious pickled president on the pickled chief of staff with a delicious chief of staff in a delicious chief of staff in a pickle under a sandwich under the floor in the chief of staff . 
every pickle kissed every chief of staff under the delicious fine president with a floor ! 
the delicious delicious president on the president in a perplexed floor under the sandwich in the pickle with the pickled delicious delicious floor kissed a president . 
a fine delicious sandwich under the delicious delicious pickle wanted the president with a sandwich in a floor with the delicious floor under the pickle with a fine pickled delicious fine perplexed pickle ! 
the perplexed chief of staff understood a sandwich . 
every floor kissed the chief of staff in every president in the perplexed fine pickled pickled fine fine sandwich with a fine floor with the perplexed delicious fine president . 
the pickled pickled perplexed pickled floor wanted a president . 
is it true that a fine fine perplexed pickled delicious pickle in a chief of staff on the delicious fine sandwich with every pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
the sandwich ate a sandwich under the delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich ate the fine perplexed pickle ? 
every delicious sandwich understood every sandwich . 
the pickle on the chief of staff in the chief of staff with a sandwich on the fine chief of staff in a perplexed chief of staff in the president ate the perplexed fine chief of staff . 
a delicious floor understood a sandwich ! 
the perplexed fine floor ate a delicious fine sandwich on the chief of staff with the delicious president under the pickle . 
a floor understood every pickled delicious floor . 
a sandwich pickled the floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff ate a president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickled floor on a perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle ate a president with a perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that every floor understood a floor ? 
the pickled fine president with the sandwich understood the president on the fine president ! 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff understood the fine fine pickled delicious president ? 
is it true that a fine fine delicious floor understood the delicious perplexed sandwich with the pickled pickle ? 
the sandwich understood every president on the delicious president on a delicious delicious president in the sandwich with every sandwich with every president with a delicious sandwich on a chief of staff in a floor with every chief of staff in the president under a perplexed pickled perplexed pickled fine perplexed pickle in a sandwich under a pickled pickle under every chief of staff in a president in the chief of staff in the sandwich with the pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff on a delicious fine pickle on a president understood the delicious president ? 
is it true that the sandwich pickled the perplexed sandwich ? 
every chief of staff wanted a floor . 
is it true that a sandwich understood a fine floor on every chief of staff ? 
a floor ate the president . 
every sandwich on the pickled fine president understood the pickled pickled fine perplexed pickled president ! 
the floor in the fine chief of staff ate a pickled fine delicious pickled pickled pickled fine chief of staff ! 
the president kissed the perplexed president in every pickled president under a sandwich with the delicious floor ! 
a delicious chief of staff on the perplexed floor pickled the president in the chief of staff ! 
the pickle on the floor in a floor kissed every president in a delicious pickle with every president . 
is it true that every pickle in the sandwich wanted the fine pickled delicious delicious president with every pickle on the floor with the pickle ? 
the floor wanted a delicious perplexed sandwich . 
the floor ate a pickled chief of staff . 
a floor kissed the perplexed pickled president . 
the delicious pickled delicious sandwich ate every delicious delicious president with a chief of staff with a pickled president under the sandwich with every pickled sandwich on a delicious president with a pickle in the fine president ! 
a pickled delicious president wanted the fine fine delicious pickle ! 
the fine pickled fine sandwich kissed the pickle ! 
the fine perplexed chief of staff on a perplexed fine pickled pickled pickle ate every delicious floor with the chief of staff with the fine perplexed sandwich with a delicious fine pickle . 
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
every floor understood the pickle on the fine floor with a pickle on the delicious pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff in every pickled pickle on every pickled chief of staff on a pickle in a perplexed floor . 
is it true that the pickle ate a chief of staff in the president with the pickled fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich on a pickled delicious floor on a president under the chief of staff with a fine fine floor in a floor with a perplexed chief of staff under every perplexed pickled chief of staff with every pickle in a pickled perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich on a pickled pickle wanted a pickled pickled perplexed floor ? 
every fine floor understood a pickle on a president . 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the pickled sandwich ? 
the floor under the president wanted a sandwich ! 
the delicious delicious perplexed pickle wanted every chief of staff ! 
the pickle wanted the delicious perplexed pickle ! 
every pickled sandwich ate the president on the floor on a sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed fine pickle kissed the perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich in every fine chief of staff in the pickled delicious pickled pickle under the pickled chief of staff on the sandwich on a perplexed delicious perplexed pickle kissed the pickle ? 
a sandwich kissed a chief of staff . 
the pickle kissed the delicious perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff on the fine delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickle on a pickle in a pickled delicious pickled chief of staff wanted every fine floor ? 
is it true that the delicious delicious president wanted the pickled fine president ? 
is it true that a delicious pickle kissed the pickle with the pickle ? 
the pickle with a pickle kissed the delicious delicious delicious fine president . 
the pickled president with a floor wanted a fine sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted a perplexed president . 
the fine president with the delicious fine fine pickle under the president with the president with every president under every delicious pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
the pickle ate the fine perplexed floor . 
a sandwich under every fine chief of staff with the delicious perplexed pickled sandwich with the chief of staff in every pickled delicious floor with a perplexed president in the delicious pickled floor in the delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff with every fine president with the sandwich on every fine pickle under the sandwich in a sandwich under the president under every president under every perplexed sandwich under the president on every chief of staff under the fine perplexed chief of staff pickled the president ! 
the delicious pickled pickle kissed a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich in a floor understood the floor in every delicious floor ? 
is it true that a pickled pickled pickled delicious pickled chief of staff kissed a fine pickled fine floor ? 
the president understood a president in a president on the chief of staff ! 
the floor understood a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle ate the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff under a chief of staff in every floor with a president with a sandwich with the sandwich under a pickled sandwich with every floor under every perplexed perplexed pickle in a fine sandwich under a chief of staff under a floor with the fine delicious pickled chief of staff wanted every delicious perplexed sandwich under a floor ? 
a president understood the sandwich in a chief of staff under the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff in a president wanted a delicious perplexed perplexed president with the pickle with the pickle on a pickled president with every chief of staff with every pickle on every president ? 
is it true that a fine president understood the fine chief of staff ? 
the fine chief of staff with a president wanted the pickle ! 
a perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted a president in a pickled fine delicious floor . 
is it true that every fine delicious floor on the pickle under the president on the pickled sandwich in a pickle with every chief of staff kissed the fine sandwich ? 
the pickled president understood the sandwich ! 
the delicious chief of staff kissed a delicious president . 
is it true that the floor on a chief of staff kissed a fine delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich on the fine delicious chief of staff with the perplexed pickle in every pickle with the pickled perplexed floor on the fine president with every pickled delicious pickle on the floor with the president under the delicious fine fine perplexed pickled president under the perplexed sandwich with a delicious pickled president under the pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff on a fine delicious president under a perplexed fine chief of staff in every chief of staff on the pickle under the sandwich under every chief of staff on a pickled pickle with the pickled president under the president with a fine president with the pickle pickled the perplexed fine fine pickled sandwich ? 
the sandwich understood the fine sandwich under the pickled chief of staff . 
the pickle wanted every pickle . 
a floor understood the pickled delicious pickled delicious sandwich in a fine sandwich on the sandwich . 
a perplexed delicious sandwich wanted the fine pickle ! 
is it true that a president kissed a pickle ? 
the perplexed president understood the floor on a president in the chief of staff with a delicious president under the pickle with the fine perplexed delicious president with every pickle ! 
the delicious fine pickled chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the delicious perplexed fine floor ? 
the pickle pickled every president under every president ! 
the pickled delicious pickle understood a pickled fine delicious delicious fine floor on the chief of staff . 
the fine chief of staff ate every chief of staff under the president ! 
is it true that a perplexed president kissed the chief of staff ? 
a sandwich in a chief of staff in the chief of staff on a fine delicious president with the president in the chief of staff in the chief of staff kissed the perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted the delicious pickle ? 
the president kissed a president ! 
is it true that the floor ate every chief of staff under a floor ? 
the president with every pickle under every pickle under every floor under the delicious delicious fine president with every perplexed president in every delicious sandwich under the delicious chief of staff under a sandwich on a floor wanted a sandwich . 
the delicious fine delicious perplexed fine pickle pickled the pickle . 
the pickled pickled floor ate the delicious pickle . 
is it true that the sandwich on every president ate every pickled sandwich ? 
every pickled chief of staff on the chief of staff under a floor ate a floor . 
the president understood the pickled pickle under a floor in the perplexed president ! 
is it true that every president wanted a pickled fine perplexed delicious pickle ? 
a pickle in the chief of staff under a delicious delicious president under the president kissed a president . 
a pickle understood the delicious fine fine pickle ! 
the sandwich ate the sandwich in the pickle on a pickled pickle in the delicious fine pickle in the sandwich . 
every chief of staff ate the pickled floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff understood a delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the fine pickle kissed the perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff with a delicious delicious pickled floor ? 
a pickle kissed every pickle on every pickle . 
is it true that every sandwich ate the pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that a president under the chief of staff kissed a fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted the perplexed fine sandwich on the delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed fine president under the chief of staff understood the president on a pickled pickled chief of staff with every perplexed pickled pickled sandwich with a fine pickle on the perplexed pickled pickled perplexed fine perplexed perplexed perplexed floor under the delicious pickle on every sandwich on the president on every sandwich on a pickle ? 
a fine perplexed chief of staff wanted the floor . 
the chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff in a sandwich on the perplexed president with a pickled pickle on the pickle under a fine pickled chief of staff under a pickled delicious chief of staff ate a president . 
is it true that the president pickled the president ? 
the sandwich understood the perplexed delicious floor . 
is it true that the delicious president understood the perplexed fine fine pickle ? 
the president understood every pickled pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that every delicious chief of staff understood the sandwich ? 
the sandwich under a perplexed sandwich understood every president . 
is it true that the chief of staff in a pickle kissed a perplexed chief of staff ? 
the perplexed president in every president understood the president ! 
is it true that every chief of staff with the chief of staff under a chief of staff under a sandwich with a president on every fine pickled perplexed delicious pickled delicious chief of staff under every perplexed pickled pickled president in the perplexed president with every floor on the fine president wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a floor in every pickle on every perplexed floor wanted a delicious president ? 
a sandwich kissed the pickled sandwich . 
a chief of staff in the fine pickle on a president with a fine delicious perplexed delicious president with the president kissed every pickle ! 
the pickled delicious president understood the pickle on every chief of staff . 
a floor wanted a sandwich ! 
the president in every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
the pickle under every delicious president with the president under the pickled perplexed pickled fine pickle on the president ate a president in the president with the delicious pickled perplexed president on the pickle . 
the sandwich under the pickled delicious floor in every chief of staff on every delicious floor on the fine president under the president with every delicious chief of staff with every sandwich under a president on every pickle in the perplexed floor under a president in every pickled pickle ate a pickle with the delicious floor . 
is it true that the delicious president with every president wanted the perplexed chief of staff under the floor ? 
a pickle wanted a fine floor ! 
the sandwich on a floor under a floor under a delicious floor on the chief of staff ate the pickled president ! 
every fine pickled chief of staff understood the delicious president ! 
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
is it true that the floor kissed a president ? 
the pickled pickled pickle wanted a fine pickle . 
the floor wanted the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor kissed the pickle ? 
every fine chief of staff on a fine sandwich under every sandwich in a fine pickle on every pickle ate the fine chief of staff with a sandwich under every chief of staff on a perplexed sandwich on the floor . 
the fine fine floor understood every sandwich with a delicious fine delicious pickled pickle . 
the perplexed fine delicious perplexed chief of staff under the pickled president with the chief of staff under the president under a pickled president under the chief of staff under the fine fine chief of staff kissed a president ! 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich wanted the pickled president with a chief of staff with every fine president ? 
is it true that a delicious sandwich kissed the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the perplexed sandwich ate the fine sandwich in every floor on a perplexed sandwich under every pickle on a pickle in the delicious chief of staff with a perplexed floor on a president in the delicious president under every pickled fine pickle on a delicious president with the chief of staff under the pickled president with the perplexed sandwich . 
the president wanted the chief of staff . 
the chief of staff ate the pickle . 
is it true that every delicious pickled fine sandwich with a sandwich under a sandwich in a president on every president ate every delicious sandwich in the delicious president on the chief of staff ? 
every fine sandwich with the sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
the chief of staff with the floor wanted every perplexed perplexed delicious pickled pickle . 
is it true that the fine sandwich under every perplexed president wanted the delicious chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff under the delicious president with the delicious delicious pickled pickle kissed a sandwich . 
the president ate the president under a fine president ! 
is it true that the president understood the chief of staff ? 
the fine pickled perplexed fine delicious pickle with the sandwich on a pickled pickle under a delicious floor kissed a perplexed delicious floor . 
a pickle in a sandwich kissed the pickled pickle . 
the pickle ate the president under the president in a chief of staff with a pickled perplexed floor on a delicious chief of staff with a delicious president on the pickle on the fine fine chief of staff under every floor in the chief of staff on the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a fine fine pickled sandwich ate the perplexed floor ? 
every chief of staff ate the perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the pickle with a president under a delicious fine floor in the chief of staff with the delicious pickled pickle wanted a fine delicious perplexed fine chief of staff . 
every delicious fine president on the delicious pickled chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
the floor on a fine president on a floor on a perplexed chief of staff ate the sandwich in a sandwich ! 
the pickled pickled delicious floor in a chief of staff ate every floor ! 
is it true that a floor understood every pickle on a president in the pickled delicious sandwich under the pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle in the perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickle ? 
a sandwich ate the delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a chief of staff under a floor understood a floor ? 
the floor understood a chief of staff on the fine pickle on the perplexed sandwich on the president ! 
the floor ate the president . 
a fine chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickled perplexed pickled pickle in the delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
a perplexed chief of staff kissed the fine sandwich . 
a president kissed the perplexed perplexed president . 
is it true that the fine delicious chief of staff with the perplexed sandwich kissed the delicious sandwich on every fine perplexed perplexed delicious delicious floor in the sandwich ? 
the delicious sandwich wanted the floor . 
every perplexed sandwich understood a pickled president with every chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickle kissed the fine president ? 
the pickled sandwich kissed every delicious sandwich . 
the delicious pickled sandwich kissed every pickle . 
the president under every sandwich kissed the perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the president under every delicious president ate the pickled chief of staff with the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff ? 
a delicious floor under every sandwich on the fine perplexed pickled president kissed a pickle with the perplexed chief of staff in the fine perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the president on the floor under a pickle under a perplexed fine sandwich pickled the floor in a floor ? 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff understood a fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich under the pickle in the delicious president in a floor on a president wanted a sandwich ? 
a pickle ate every fine fine pickle ! 
the president wanted every sandwich . 
the chief of staff pickled the president with the pickled president ! 
is it true that the perplexed fine president on a floor in the perplexed perplexed president on the pickle understood the fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine pickle on every pickle with a floor on the perplexed perplexed pickled delicious pickle in a president on a fine pickle in a pickle ate the fine pickle with a pickle ? 
the president in a sandwich kissed every perplexed sandwich with a perplexed perplexed perplexed president in the fine sandwich under a pickled floor . 
the president in a perplexed sandwich pickled the pickle ! 
is it true that a fine chief of staff kissed the pickled delicious pickled president with a perplexed president with the chief of staff under the floor ? 
the sandwich with every sandwich on the chief of staff kissed every pickled delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff in the president . 
the sandwich understood the president . 
a fine perplexed delicious fine sandwich with a pickled perplexed president on every pickled floor with the sandwich kissed a perplexed chief of staff on every fine pickled pickle under a sandwich . 
is it true that a president ate the pickle ? 
the president under every delicious chief of staff in the sandwich pickled a pickle . 
a pickled sandwich in the fine chief of staff in the fine fine chief of staff under the delicious perplexed president in the perplexed sandwich under the pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle under every delicious president in the delicious fine delicious chief of staff on the floor wanted a floor ! 
the perplexed president understood a delicious chief of staff ! 
the sandwich ate the pickle ! 
the president under every delicious delicious floor on the perplexed perplexed fine president ate every floor ! 
the chief of staff understood a pickled pickle . 
is it true that a pickle ate the perplexed pickle ? 
every chief of staff wanted the perplexed floor . 
the pickle on a perplexed pickled floor with every sandwich with every delicious perplexed pickle with the pickle in the president with the pickled chief of staff ate a pickled chief of staff . 
a chief of staff with the pickle with a fine pickled president on the president kissed a fine floor on every perplexed fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle kissed every perplexed fine floor with every president ? 
is it true that the floor on a perplexed pickle understood a chief of staff in a fine pickle ? 
a perplexed delicious floor pickled the pickle . 
the pickled perplexed floor understood a pickled president . 
is it true that a pickled sandwich wanted a fine floor ? 
is it true that the president with every delicious floor in the pickled sandwich on the perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich ? 
every sandwich ate the delicious pickled chief of staff . 
the delicious pickle in the chief of staff under every pickled president on the chief of staff with every pickle understood the chief of staff ! 
every president kissed a chief of staff under the pickled pickled perplexed delicious pickle under a president in the president on the floor under the floor under a delicious sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a fine pickled president ? 
the pickled pickle kissed a fine pickle ! 
the sandwich pickled a delicious floor ! 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a president in the delicious floor under a chief of staff on the pickled president with every sandwich under the chief of staff on every pickled floor under the sandwich ? 
the sandwich ate a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff in a delicious chief of staff in the pickle understood a pickled delicious president in every pickle in a perplexed president with a perplexed fine fine president on the delicious chief of staff ? 
the perplexed floor under a chief of staff under every pickled sandwich on every chief of staff understood a pickle ! 
a floor ate the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the president with the chief of staff in the pickled pickle on every delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich understood the pickled floor with the chief of staff in a perplexed pickle on the perplexed fine chief of staff with a fine delicious sandwich in the pickled floor on the floor in a chief of staff under the president with a sandwich in the sandwich on the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff kissed a fine floor in the fine floor . 
the floor with every perplexed fine sandwich ate the sandwich under the chief of staff ! 
the floor wanted a floor with the pickle on the pickled pickled pickled fine delicious president in the fine sandwich ! 
the president in the sandwich in a president in every president in a delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff in a delicious chief of staff on a floor with a perplexed sandwich in a perplexed fine floor under a delicious fine chief of staff on every fine perplexed president with a sandwich in the pickled floor in every chief of staff under the fine floor with the pickle wanted the delicious pickled delicious floor . 
the chief of staff wanted every delicious fine delicious pickled delicious chief of staff on the pickle on a pickle ! 
a pickled pickled fine sandwich kissed every delicious fine fine sandwich ! 
the sandwich on the pickled pickle wanted the pickled pickled pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff on every floor on the fine delicious delicious chief of staff pickled every pickled perplexed delicious delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff ? 
the delicious delicious pickle in a chief of staff on the delicious pickled pickle with the pickled delicious pickle ate the floor in every perplexed chief of staff . 
the fine president in the floor under the pickled fine chief of staff understood the pickled floor ! 
the president kissed the perplexed pickle ! 
the pickled sandwich ate the pickled delicious chief of staff . 
the perplexed president on the president kissed the fine perplexed pickled pickled pickled delicious president under every floor in a chief of staff . 
every chief of staff in a delicious sandwich ate the floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted a sandwich ? 
a president wanted the chief of staff on the sandwich in the pickled floor . 
a pickle wanted the perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor wanted a president under the sandwich in the perplexed delicious fine pickle ? 
is it true that a president wanted the floor in a delicious perplexed perplexed pickled delicious sandwich with the floor with the floor ? 
a floor understood a perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed president . 
the delicious pickled chief of staff wanted a fine delicious perplexed floor . 
is it true that every delicious floor under the pickled president kissed the floor ? 
a pickle in a perplexed sandwich pickled the floor ! 
every president ate a fine perplexed president with the pickled pickle ! 
is it true that a floor in a pickled fine fine president pickled the pickled chief of staff on the president ? 
the sandwich in every pickled pickled pickle kissed a president in every chief of staff on every floor . 
the delicious perplexed sandwich ate a pickle ! 
the president under a pickled perplexed chief of staff on a pickled floor with a fine pickle kissed every president . 
is it true that a floor with a sandwich with every pickle kissed a delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that every floor pickled the fine fine delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president with the pickle in the pickled sandwich kissed every floor ? 
the perplexed pickle wanted every president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff under every pickled delicious delicious perplexed floor pickled the fine chief of staff ? 
every floor kissed the perplexed floor with every sandwich on the fine chief of staff under the perplexed pickled chief of staff with the sandwich in the pickled floor in every delicious perplexed perplexed floor in every chief of staff ! 
the delicious pickled president kissed every pickle on every chief of staff ! 
the president kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that the president understood a pickled fine pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich understood the pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff kissed a pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious fine delicious pickle with every delicious sandwich in every pickle wanted every sandwich ? 
a delicious floor under the delicious pickled president kissed the pickle on a sandwich ! 
the perplexed fine president on a sandwich on a president on a delicious fine perplexed pickled delicious perplexed perplexed president understood a pickle ! 
the president kissed a sandwich on the delicious pickle on a president under every pickled president with the pickled fine perplexed president in every perplexed perplexed fine floor in the pickle in the pickled perplexed fine fine floor with the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted the sandwich ? 
the floor kissed a pickle . 
every sandwich ate the delicious pickle under a fine delicious delicious perplexed fine sandwich with a pickled pickled fine sandwich on a president in the perplexed sandwich in a pickle ! 
is it true that a pickle wanted a floor ? 
a floor kissed every sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich on the floor kissed the chief of staff in a perplexed sandwich under a perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich on a pickle with every sandwich on a fine pickled floor ? 
the chief of staff ate a delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
every pickled fine perplexed president understood the president ! 
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate a fine pickle ! 
the pickled fine sandwich understood a fine fine pickled chief of staff on a pickle in a sandwich with the sandwich with the chief of staff in a pickled sandwich on the pickle with a perplexed president on every president . 
is it true that the pickled pickled pickle ate every pickled president ? 
is it true that a sandwich understood the pickled chief of staff ? 
the president ate a sandwich under every perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled pickle with the pickled pickled pickle . 
a sandwich kissed the perplexed chief of staff with every delicious perplexed fine floor in a perplexed floor . 
every pickled floor understood a pickled fine sandwich under a fine chief of staff . 
a fine floor ate a delicious sandwich ! 
every sandwich with the fine pickle under the chief of staff under the floor wanted a president in a floor in the perplexed pickled floor in every floor with every sandwich . 
every chief of staff pickled a president . 
the perplexed president with the pickled fine pickle wanted the delicious floor ! 
every pickle understood a perplexed pickle on the chief of staff in a sandwich in a floor ! 
every pickle kissed the pickled fine perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a perplexed sandwich ? 
the fine sandwich ate the fine floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed fine perplexed pickled delicious pickle on a pickle under every fine pickled perplexed floor with the perplexed sandwich ? 
the floor pickled a perplexed fine perplexed floor . 
a perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich wanted every delicious pickle in the president with the sandwich in the sandwich under the chief of staff in a fine pickled delicious sandwich under a fine president on a president under every delicious pickle on a sandwich in every fine floor ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed president wanted every pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff with the fine pickle wanted every chief of staff on a fine chief of staff with the pickled pickle on the perplexed delicious floor in every pickle under a pickled chief of staff with the pickled delicious pickle on every pickled pickle with a pickled chief of staff under the floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a perplexed chief of staff ? 
a fine president on a pickle under every sandwich under the floor with every chief of staff on the sandwich in every floor pickled the sandwich on a president . 
the chief of staff ate every chief of staff ! 
the floor ate the fine fine delicious floor ! 
is it true that a perplexed delicious president kissed the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled fine pickle kissed the fine perplexed pickle in a perplexed perplexed pickled fine fine fine perplexed chief of staff under a delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff ? 
a floor in the delicious president under every floor kissed the delicious chief of staff . 
a pickle with every fine president with every chief of staff in the floor with the chief of staff on every delicious perplexed floor under the floor understood the perplexed president in a delicious chief of staff under a pickle under a pickled pickle on the floor ! 
every sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
every president in the perplexed perplexed floor with the chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
a floor pickled a fine perplexed floor ! 
a pickle wanted a chief of staff on a pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled perplexed sandwich ate the president under every pickle ? 
is it true that the president with the perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
every delicious sandwich under the floor on a fine president with the floor in every chief of staff on every sandwich in the pickle pickled the fine pickle with a pickle . 
the pickled fine delicious sandwich understood the floor with a pickle on the pickle in a floor under a delicious pickle ! 
is it true that a perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted a chief of staff with every floor in a fine pickled sandwich ? 
the sandwich ate the fine sandwich under the pickled fine pickle in the sandwich in a delicious pickled perplexed floor with the sandwich under a pickled chief of staff in the chief of staff on the sandwich . 
every perplexed chief of staff ate a pickled perplexed pickled sandwich with the pickled perplexed fine fine pickled chief of staff ! 
the pickle kissed the pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich on a chief of staff in the fine sandwich in the president ! 
the delicious floor with a president under the pickled fine fine floor with the pickled president with the fine perplexed chief of staff with the fine perplexed perplexed floor under the sandwich with a sandwich kissed a sandwich under a president . 
is it true that the chief of staff with the sandwich under a pickle under every chief of staff kissed the delicious perplexed sandwich ? 
the pickle with a chief of staff kissed a fine perplexed perplexed sandwich ! 
the perplexed perplexed delicious pickled president understood the president on the president on the chief of staff ! 
a floor kissed the pickled fine fine delicious fine perplexed floor ! 
every fine fine pickled pickled fine perplexed delicious floor on the perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff kissed the delicious perplexed sandwich with the chief of staff ! 
the floor under the delicious pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious president ! 
every pickled perplexed chief of staff ate a pickled pickled delicious pickle ! 
a pickled perplexed floor wanted every floor in the delicious president on every perplexed sandwich in the pickle under a floor under the fine chief of staff in the pickled perplexed pickle on the president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff on the pickled perplexed perplexed fine floor with a pickled perplexed floor wanted every delicious delicious fine floor under every chief of staff in a pickled pickle in the perplexed floor ? 
a perplexed fine delicious sandwich wanted a pickled perplexed floor . 
is it true that every floor under the perplexed pickled president in every floor wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff in a president with the president understood a pickle ? 
a delicious fine perplexed delicious delicious pickle ate every sandwich . 
every pickled delicious fine delicious perplexed sandwich under a delicious chief of staff in every perplexed chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious perplexed pickled floor with every perplexed fine perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed president under a fine sandwich with the floor with the floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff in the pickled perplexed delicious fine sandwich with every chief of staff kissed the president ? 
a perplexed perplexed pickled pickle understood the perplexed delicious chief of staff in every pickled floor on the floor with the chief of staff ! 
every pickle kissed a delicious chief of staff ! 
every pickle wanted every delicious floor . 
the pickle wanted a sandwich ! 
the delicious perplexed sandwich wanted every chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every president ? 
the delicious president under the sandwich understood every sandwich . 
a president wanted every fine pickled delicious president . 
the floor understood a delicious pickled pickle . 
the chief of staff in the delicious sandwich wanted the pickled sandwich ! 
the fine chief of staff on the pickled sandwich under every floor in the floor kissed the fine floor in the chief of staff . 
the president kissed a pickle under a sandwich ! 
every perplexed sandwich under the fine sandwich in a floor understood a fine pickle . 
is it true that the delicious pickled delicious sandwich on the pickled pickle ate the president on every pickled pickled sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
every president kissed a fine floor . 
the floor on the fine pickled chief of staff kissed a president ! 
the sandwich pickled a perplexed president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a sandwich under the fine perplexed delicious delicious fine floor ? 
is it true that a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff kissed the floor on a chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed the delicious floor ! 
is it true that the pickle understood a pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff kissed a pickled floor ? 
is it true that a floor under the president wanted the president in the president under the pickled sandwich under the sandwich with a fine pickle on the chief of staff under every fine delicious chief of staff with every president under every president ? 
a delicious floor with every floor in the chief of staff with the sandwich ate a sandwich . 
the pickled pickled floor wanted a fine chief of staff on a delicious floor with the pickled fine fine delicious fine floor . 
every delicious sandwich ate a president ! 
a fine perplexed floor under every floor understood a chief of staff ! 
a floor understood the pickled pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff understood the perplexed delicious president with the chief of staff in a floor in a fine chief of staff in every floor in a pickled pickled delicious floor with a sandwich with the floor on the delicious perplexed chief of staff under the president in the pickle in the sandwich ? 
a delicious sandwich wanted a chief of staff with a perplexed president on every perplexed pickled president ! 
every floor on a delicious delicious president wanted every sandwich ! 
a perplexed fine delicious floor with the pickled pickle ate the floor ! 
is it true that every pickle ate a pickled sandwich ? 
the chief of staff under the delicious president under the chief of staff ate a president . 
a chief of staff wanted a pickle on every perplexed delicious chief of staff in the fine sandwich on a president . 
the perplexed fine fine floor understood a delicious floor on a pickle . 
is it true that every sandwich wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious perplexed chief of staff understood every president ? 
is it true that a fine pickled fine chief of staff pickled a fine pickle ? 
is it true that a fine floor ate a sandwich with the pickle ? 
is it true that every sandwich understood the pickled pickle ? 
a floor with the perplexed chief of staff wanted the perplexed president on the pickle with the sandwich on a sandwich in a chief of staff . 
is it true that every chief of staff ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle in the fine president with the chief of staff under the floor under a fine chief of staff in a pickled president in every floor under every fine pickle kissed the president ? 
the sandwich kissed the sandwich on the perplexed delicious fine delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled pickle understood every floor with the floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich understood every perplexed president ? 
a fine president ate every sandwich ! 
a perplexed floor kissed the floor on a floor with a fine floor . 
the pickle in the fine fine pickle on a delicious pickled perplexed pickled perplexed floor understood a sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the floor understood a president on every fine perplexed pickle on the sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed president understood the sandwich with a perplexed perplexed sandwich on a delicious floor ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff ate the president ? 
a pickle wanted a pickled delicious fine sandwich on the president ! 
the pickle kissed every perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a delicious pickled perplexed delicious fine pickled pickle kissed a floor ? 
is it true that every sandwich wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich with the pickled perplexed sandwich on a pickle understood a perplexed delicious sandwich on the pickle ? 
the delicious sandwich under every delicious pickle with the delicious sandwich on the sandwich under every pickle on every pickled fine perplexed delicious delicious president with the sandwich under a chief of staff in the floor under a fine sandwich on a fine president with the president with a perplexed delicious pickled sandwich on a fine pickle in the fine sandwich with the president in a chief of staff understood the pickle under the perplexed pickled fine fine perplexed pickled perplexed delicious delicious perplexed perplexed pickled pickled pickled president . 
is it true that the pickle pickled every president under every pickle under every floor ? 
every fine fine floor in the chief of staff under the sandwich under a chief of staff on every floor under every president in the sandwich on the president kissed every president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a pickled chief of staff ? 
the pickled president ate the floor . 
the floor ate the chief of staff . 
a fine pickled president in every fine perplexed floor under the sandwich ate a perplexed sandwich ! 
every delicious sandwich in the pickled pickled sandwich with a perplexed president kissed the sandwich under the chief of staff in the sandwich under every floor in the sandwich in a fine pickle under the sandwich on a pickle with a floor . 
is it true that a pickle kissed every perplexed delicious floor ? 
the pickle pickled the fine floor in a floor ! 
is it true that every pickle in a sandwich ate a delicious fine floor ? 
a sandwich understood a fine fine chief of staff in the delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the sandwich ? 
the sandwich in the sandwich on the pickled chief of staff under a chief of staff under a sandwich on every perplexed fine floor on a fine floor understood the perplexed sandwich in a pickle under every delicious chief of staff under the pickle under the fine chief of staff in the delicious delicious pickle in a perplexed delicious president under the president under the pickled pickle on the fine fine president ! 
is it true that the fine pickled delicious president in every delicious floor with a floor pickled a pickled fine pickle under the fine floor in the chief of staff under a president ? 
a delicious fine perplexed chief of staff wanted every fine floor under a pickle under every perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff under the pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the pickled sandwich ? 
a chief of staff kissed every chief of staff . 
is it true that the president on the president wanted a sandwich on the fine floor ? 
a pickle understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich understood the fine pickled president in the fine delicious delicious delicious sandwich in the floor with the fine delicious president in the delicious president on the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff under the pickle under a floor with the pickle under every perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickled pickled delicious sandwich with the delicious floor . 
the perplexed president wanted the fine president . 
the fine sandwich ate every chief of staff with a floor on the sandwich with a perplexed delicious pickle with a fine president under a delicious sandwich with the fine chief of staff on a pickled perplexed fine perplexed delicious president ! 
a president ate a delicious chief of staff ! 
a floor on the fine sandwich with the delicious sandwich on the delicious perplexed president wanted a sandwich on a sandwich with the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every perplexed delicious floor ? 
every sandwich on the perplexed chief of staff in the president ate the sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted the perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff kissed the floor . 
is it true that a pickled pickle understood the president ? 
the fine president on a fine pickled president with every president wanted the sandwich on the fine perplexed perplexed pickle with the delicious sandwich under every pickle under the sandwich with every sandwich . 
the fine fine chief of staff understood a fine perplexed fine floor ! 
is it true that a delicious delicious floor under a fine perplexed sandwich understood the floor ? 
every fine pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted the sandwich ! 
the delicious sandwich in a perplexed president ate a delicious floor . 
every pickled fine chief of staff wanted every sandwich . 
a president understood a chief of staff on the sandwich ! 
the pickled perplexed pickled pickle wanted a pickled floor on the sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff under the sandwich wanted the president with the pickle with the delicious pickled chief of staff on the pickled floor with the president in the delicious pickle in the sandwich on a floor with the pickle in the perplexed pickle with the perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
a pickle understood a pickle with a fine pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff ate the sandwich ? 
the perplexed president in every chief of staff understood every chief of staff . 
the fine chief of staff ate a delicious fine floor . 
the delicious sandwich kissed every fine chief of staff ! 
a fine sandwich wanted a delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle with every president on a president understood the pickle ? 
a pickle with every president wanted a floor with a floor . 
every sandwich under the pickled chief of staff on a delicious delicious pickle with every delicious sandwich under every delicious fine perplexed chief of staff on a pickled pickled sandwich in the pickle understood a pickle ! 
the chief of staff ate the floor . 
a fine fine perplexed pickled pickle understood the perplexed pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? 
a delicious sandwich ate the pickle under the perplexed pickled fine president in the sandwich with the pickle ! 
the fine delicious fine pickle in a fine delicious president in the pickle kissed the president in a perplexed perplexed fine president ! 
is it true that the pickle with the fine perplexed fine floor with the president understood a floor under the perplexed sandwich on the floor with a floor in the perplexed pickle with every delicious fine president under a floor with the president ? 
the delicious president understood a president in a president ! 
is it true that the floor under the pickled pickled floor in every pickle on a perplexed pickle wanted a pickled floor ? 
is it true that a pickle under a president understood the fine chief of staff under the pickle ? 
the president understood the pickled sandwich . 
the fine pickle on the chief of staff understood every floor . 
every chief of staff with the pickled president kissed the floor . 
every floor wanted the pickle ! 
a president pickled a fine floor in the perplexed sandwich . 
every pickled chief of staff wanted a pickled sandwich in the pickled delicious floor on the president ! 
the delicious president wanted a perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
a sandwich wanted the pickle . 
a pickled president ate a fine perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the fine delicious perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine perplexed sandwich wanted the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff understood a pickle . 
the floor under the perplexed floor in the delicious chief of staff with every pickle kissed every floor ! 
the fine fine perplexed floor wanted a fine floor ! 
is it true that every delicious pickled perplexed delicious pickled pickle on the perplexed chief of staff understood a chief of staff with every delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff with a pickled chief of staff under a chief of staff ? 
every delicious pickle on every perplexed pickle wanted the fine floor under the perplexed pickled floor with every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president understood the delicious fine pickle ? 
a floor on every fine president with the fine pickle with the sandwich wanted a perplexed president with a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickled perplexed fine floor wanted a floor . 
every pickled sandwich wanted the floor with every fine sandwich . 
is it true that every chief of staff under the pickle on a pickle understood the pickled sandwich ? 
a chief of staff ate a chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff in the pickle ate a chief of staff on the chief of staff with a chief of staff with a sandwich on a perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the president understood every delicious delicious fine president ? 
a pickle ate a president . 
the sandwich ate a chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickle in the pickle with every pickled sandwich under the sandwich on the delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich in the perplexed president in the fine floor under the pickled perplexed fine pickle under a floor ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious pickled fine pickled perplexed sandwich understood every pickle with the pickle ? 
is it true that the president ate a pickle ? 
the floor under a delicious perplexed president wanted the chief of staff with the president with every sandwich ! 
the chief of staff pickled the pickle on the pickle with the pickle in a floor with a pickle under the delicious floor . 
is it true that every pickle ate a sandwich under every pickled pickle ? 
a president kissed a fine perplexed pickle ! 
a floor ate a pickle . 
a fine fine pickle with every president with the president in the fine pickle with the fine perplexed fine sandwich under a sandwich with a sandwich ate a pickle . 
a perplexed sandwich understood every fine pickled chief of staff ! 
every floor kissed the perplexed pickled president in the sandwich on the fine sandwich . 
a sandwich ate the fine sandwich . 
the perplexed floor understood a floor on every president . 
every fine pickled pickled fine chief of staff understood a perplexed perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the perplexed floor under the pickle with a sandwich ? 
the fine chief of staff on the floor with a pickled perplexed chief of staff in the pickled delicious floor with the president on the fine delicious pickled perplexed perplexed pickle ate a floor ! 
is it true that the fine fine delicious delicious perplexed sandwich in a sandwich wanted a delicious chief of staff with every president under a chief of staff ? 
every pickled fine delicious pickle wanted a fine delicious sandwich . 
the fine floor under a delicious pickled pickle under a pickled chief of staff on the pickle kissed the chief of staff under every pickle . 
a pickle wanted a floor . 
a pickled pickled chief of staff understood the pickled president on a fine delicious pickled sandwich with every president in the president under the floor . 
is it true that every sandwich ate the perplexed delicious pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
the perplexed delicious fine pickled fine pickled pickle wanted the floor under the fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious fine president kissed every chief of staff ? 
every sandwich pickled the pickled floor in the pickled floor in a chief of staff with the floor in the pickle . 
the president wanted the fine chief of staff . 
a perplexed fine pickled fine chief of staff wanted a delicious sandwich . 
the pickle understood a sandwich . 
every perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
is it true that the pickle with a sandwich ate every fine sandwich on a sandwich with a pickled pickled chief of staff on the perplexed chief of staff on the chief of staff with the pickled fine pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff in a chief of staff ? 
the pickle wanted a pickle under the pickled delicious floor on a fine pickle in the perplexed president on the delicious pickled floor on every sandwich on a pickle . 
a perplexed delicious president ate the pickle in the sandwich . 
the pickle on a chief of staff ate the perplexed president ! 
is it true that the fine pickle in the floor kissed the fine pickled pickle ? 
the chief of staff on the president with the sandwich in the pickle kissed the sandwich under the pickled floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the pickled president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every perplexed fine pickle ? 
is it true that a perplexed fine pickled president on every pickled chief of staff wanted a pickle ? 
the president with the floor with a fine perplexed pickle kissed a fine sandwich . 
the sandwich on the pickle wanted every pickled fine chief of staff . 
the fine chief of staff understood a pickled perplexed sandwich . 
the floor ate the delicious floor under a chief of staff in a floor on a pickled fine floor under a fine pickled president ! 
every pickled sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich in a sandwich under a chief of staff ate the perplexed floor under the perplexed chief of staff in a president on the pickle with the chief of staff ! 
the pickle with a pickled pickle under the delicious president kissed the floor under the delicious pickle in a pickle . 
a chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
the delicious pickled delicious perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich kissed the fine pickle ! 
every pickle kissed every pickle . 
is it true that the floor wanted the delicious perplexed sandwich ? 
every sandwich understood a president . 
the perplexed chief of staff ate a delicious fine chief of staff ! 
every president under the floor with the perplexed president in the sandwich kissed a delicious chief of staff ! 
every pickled floor with the pickled pickle ate the fine sandwich . 
is it true that a fine sandwich understood a delicious pickled pickle ? 
every sandwich wanted the perplexed pickle in every delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the floor ? 
a pickled pickle under every floor kissed a delicious sandwich in a pickle . 
every chief of staff understood every sandwich ! 
every chief of staff on a pickle with a pickle under the delicious president ate the president . 
a fine pickle kissed the president . 
a chief of staff kissed every pickle under the fine president on every fine president ! 
is it true that a pickled floor in a pickled sandwich kissed the floor on a fine sandwich under every pickle ? 
a president on the pickled president on the sandwich under the chief of staff with the pickled chief of staff in the pickled floor with the sandwich with every sandwich on a floor wanted a perplexed perplexed chief of staff on the pickled pickled chief of staff on a floor under a floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich on a floor under every pickle wanted the fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickle with the president ate a pickled fine pickled delicious pickled fine floor in the chief of staff on every president ? 
every sandwich wanted the president ! 
is it true that the pickle understood a sandwich ? 
the sandwich ate every sandwich under the chief of staff on the perplexed fine pickled pickle with the pickled floor in a pickle ! 
a president wanted the fine president . 
a fine pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff under the pickle with the perplexed fine president in every perplexed chief of staff with every fine floor under every delicious chief of staff under the floor . 
is it true that a perplexed fine sandwich ate a sandwich under a chief of staff ? 
every president understood a president . 
a pickled president wanted a pickled floor with the fine delicious president ! 
the delicious floor on every pickle in a pickle wanted the perplexed president on the pickle with every fine delicious delicious president ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the perplexed pickled chief of staff under the sandwich with the pickle in a perplexed president in every sandwich with a floor on every president in a delicious fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine pickled floor understood the pickled perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a pickle on the perplexed floor ate the delicious pickle ? 
a floor understood the chief of staff ! 
a delicious president wanted the perplexed sandwich . 
the president with every delicious floor on the pickled president on every sandwich under a pickle understood the chief of staff in every perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that a president understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff wanted the sandwich on every perplexed perplexed pickle ? 
a pickle in the president on every floor under every sandwich in a delicious pickle kissed the pickle under every floor under every perplexed fine sandwich in a pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor pickled the perplexed perplexed fine president with the sandwich on the chief of staff ? 
the perplexed chief of staff ate the perplexed perplexed delicious pickled perplexed pickled floor . 
the pickle kissed the sandwich with the president . 
a pickle kissed a pickled pickle . 
the chief of staff ate the floor . 
the sandwich wanted every sandwich ! 
the floor kissed every delicious chief of staff under the president under the pickle ! 
the delicious floor in the fine chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
the pickle ate the sandwich . 
the pickled delicious chief of staff understood a sandwich . 
the sandwich kissed the pickle . 
is it true that the pickled perplexed delicious pickle kissed every delicious fine sandwich in a pickle on a fine delicious fine fine sandwich ? 
a perplexed president kissed the chief of staff with a fine chief of staff under every perplexed perplexed pickle under every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine chief of staff understood the president ? 
the chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
a floor with every pickle wanted the chief of staff on the delicious fine sandwich on the pickle . 
is it true that a pickled fine fine fine president with every president in a president understood the floor ? 
the pickled perplexed fine pickle understood the pickle with the perplexed pickle under the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich ate a president ? 
the president ate a pickle on the president under the chief of staff in the pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff with a chief of staff under the pickled floor under the fine floor in a chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickle understood the pickle ? 
the chief of staff in the floor pickled every fine chief of staff ! 
the delicious president kissed a fine perplexed president . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every pickled president ? 
a delicious chief of staff wanted the delicious president ! 
is it true that the pickle under the chief of staff understood a president in the delicious perplexed delicious perplexed floor ? 
every president wanted the floor with a pickled floor in the sandwich ! 
a delicious chief of staff ate the fine perplexed sandwich under every fine fine chief of staff with a sandwich . 
the chief of staff ate the fine sandwich in the fine fine sandwich ! 
the pickle ate a floor on the pickled fine perplexed president ! 
every delicious fine president wanted the fine perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate the president ? 
the delicious president with every delicious delicious sandwich in a fine delicious chief of staff on a perplexed floor with the president in a chief of staff with the pickle under every pickle in the pickled sandwich understood the president on the delicious perplexed pickled pickle in the floor ! 
a pickled pickle under the chief of staff wanted a fine pickle under a chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor on the sandwich on a floor with the president with every pickled president under a chief of staff in a sandwich pickled the president under the president ? 
the fine perplexed president understood every sandwich . 
is it true that the fine fine chief of staff wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that the president ate the floor ? 
a sandwich on the perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted the president ! 
every president wanted the sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood a delicious sandwich ? 
the floor ate every fine chief of staff . 
a perplexed perplexed floor understood a president under the pickle ! 
a sandwich ate a pickle under the delicious fine pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed floor ate the fine pickle ? 
every perplexed fine pickle kissed a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled chief of staff with the chief of staff on the pickled delicious sandwich with every delicious floor with the fine pickled perplexed delicious pickle in a pickled pickle with a president on the sandwich with a sandwich ? 
the pickle with a fine chief of staff on the president on every sandwich kissed the sandwich under a pickled delicious floor on the sandwich with the pickle under a pickled president ! 
is it true that a floor in the delicious sandwich with a pickle with a sandwich wanted a fine chief of staff on the delicious delicious delicious sandwich ? 
a pickle wanted every chief of staff . 
the pickle kissed the delicious delicious floor . 
is it true that the fine chief of staff kissed the fine floor ? 
the fine chief of staff ate the president ! 
a chief of staff wanted a sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle ate the chief of staff ? 
the president pickled a perplexed chief of staff in every pickled sandwich with every pickled president on a floor with the pickled chief of staff ! 
the president ate the pickle . 
every president understood the perplexed sandwich in the sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff ate the perplexed perplexed delicious fine floor ? 
the floor ate every delicious president in the pickle on the delicious pickled chief of staff in the president in the chief of staff ! 
a floor understood the sandwich with the pickled delicious delicious pickle under a pickle in the perplexed delicious fine floor under the pickle in the president in the delicious pickle in a floor on every perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted a president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the floor ? 
the perplexed pickled president kissed the delicious president . 
is it true that the delicious floor understood the president ? 
a pickled delicious perplexed pickled floor on every pickle on the delicious president ate the chief of staff . 
is it true that a president wanted the pickle in every fine chief of staff with every sandwich in the pickle with a pickled president with a fine floor under the fine floor with a chief of staff in every chief of staff under the delicious pickled chief of staff in the perplexed president on the perplexed floor in a fine floor with the perplexed floor with a perplexed perplexed floor with the pickled fine chief of staff under the floor with every pickled sandwich on the sandwich in the sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich in a sandwich with the pickle in a delicious president in the perplexed delicious chief of staff under the pickle understood the sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted the fine sandwich in the pickled president in the chief of staff under a pickle in a delicious perplexed pickle under the pickle in the perplexed president in a fine chief of staff in a chief of staff under a floor . 
the sandwich with a perplexed perplexed sandwich with the president under a chief of staff with every delicious delicious delicious perplexed president ate the delicious pickle ! 
the perplexed floor wanted the fine fine perplexed fine delicious floor in a delicious perplexed perplexed fine floor with the fine president with the pickled pickled delicious delicious delicious pickled perplexed delicious pickle under the fine chief of staff . 
the perplexed perplexed president understood the perplexed floor . 
is it true that the fine perplexed floor wanted every chief of staff under the floor ? 
a fine president understood the chief of staff ! 
the pickle understood every president in every delicious pickle . 
is it true that a president wanted the fine chief of staff in the fine pickled perplexed delicious delicious fine perplexed delicious president ? 
every president pickled every president under every pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
a floor in every pickle ate a perplexed perplexed pickle . 
the chief of staff wanted a perplexed perplexed pickle under every sandwich . 
the chief of staff on a delicious delicious chief of staff under every pickled delicious delicious pickle kissed every pickle . 
the fine perplexed president wanted a president under a pickled sandwich under a president with a president in the pickle under the pickled delicious floor in the perplexed fine president on the pickle ! 
the president ate every delicious delicious sandwich . 
is it true that every pickled perplexed perplexed delicious floor understood the pickled delicious pickled president ? 
the pickle understood a sandwich . 
the pickled sandwich kissed the fine delicious president ! 
the pickled pickled president with the sandwich ate a fine perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich with a chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? 
the floor wanted the sandwich . 
every president understood the pickle . 
is it true that every president pickled a floor ? 
a delicious president wanted the pickled fine president with the perplexed delicious chief of staff under every floor . 
is it true that the delicious president on a chief of staff with a president understood every pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed floor kissed a perplexed president ? 
a chief of staff ate a perplexed perplexed fine floor under a sandwich under every president . 
the floor ate a floor on a pickled chief of staff in the pickled perplexed sandwich . 
the president ate a chief of staff with the pickle in every delicious delicious president . 
the sandwich pickled the pickled delicious pickle ! 
every floor with a perplexed perplexed floor under a delicious chief of staff kissed the floor under the pickled perplexed fine chief of staff . 
the fine fine perplexed pickle on the president in a perplexed pickle under the chief of staff in every fine floor in the sandwich in a chief of staff kissed the delicious chief of staff on a delicious delicious president on the fine pickled chief of staff on the pickled pickled delicious delicious fine chief of staff with the president in the chief of staff with the sandwich in every fine sandwich in a floor in every chief of staff on a pickled floor in the pickle with the pickled pickle under every pickled president in a floor under every pickle with a pickled pickle . 
every president wanted every delicious fine perplexed sandwich on every pickle under the pickle . 
a president in the floor on every delicious floor understood the delicious fine president in the pickled fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious pickle ate a president in the president in a president with a fine chief of staff under the floor with the floor with the pickle in a sandwich ? 
the pickle under the perplexed pickle in the delicious chief of staff understood the sandwich on every delicious fine delicious president . 
is it true that the perplexed pickle kissed a delicious president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff pickled the perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled fine floor understood the president under a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed pickled delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine floor kissed the delicious chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff wanted every pickle . 
the pickle under a perplexed president ate the fine president ! 
the pickled president under the pickled floor with the chief of staff understood every perplexed pickled fine floor ! 
the fine pickled delicious pickle with the delicious pickled chief of staff with the fine pickle in the delicious pickled fine president under the delicious pickle on every pickle ate every fine floor . 
the pickled sandwich wanted a sandwich on the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every president wanted the chief of staff ? 
the pickled president wanted the perplexed pickled pickle in every pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious sandwich wanted the president on every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed fine president understood the chief of staff with every delicious pickle with the president in a pickled perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff understood a president ? 
is it true that the president under a perplexed president with a sandwich wanted a president ? 
is it true that the president kissed the president ? 
is it true that a floor kissed the perplexed sandwich ? 
the floor understood the pickle . 
is it true that the delicious pickled pickle wanted the pickle ? 
a sandwich kissed every fine pickle under the president ! 
is it true that every fine pickled delicious fine president wanted every delicious pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled pickled floor with a pickle with a floor ate the sandwich ? 
the delicious fine delicious pickled delicious president understood the fine floor . 
is it true that the pickle in every president wanted every delicious delicious fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor ate every delicious pickled chief of staff with a pickled pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff with every chief of staff understood a president ? 
is it true that the president in the pickled delicious fine floor under the chief of staff in the fine sandwich under the perplexed perplexed pickled pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff on the pickled pickled sandwich on the pickled floor under the fine pickled floor on a pickled president on a floor ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff on every president under the sandwich ate the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff ate a fine president ! 
every floor understood a pickled chief of staff with every floor on the president in every pickle under the pickle on the delicious perplexed floor under every delicious chief of staff with the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that every floor in the sandwich wanted every chief of staff ? 
every pickle wanted a floor . 
is it true that a pickle ate the pickle ? 
a chief of staff with the perplexed fine perplexed delicious president with the perplexed president ate a fine delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich under a sandwich kissed the fine delicious floor ? 
the sandwich in the floor kissed the perplexed floor ! 
a sandwich kissed a fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine fine fine chief of staff ate a pickled fine chief of staff on the delicious president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a pickle ? 
the delicious pickle ate every pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
the fine perplexed pickle kissed a delicious pickle with the chief of staff under a chief of staff . 
the perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed president ! 
a pickled delicious delicious pickle on every president in the fine delicious fine chief of staff in the chief of staff on every pickle on the chief of staff with every pickle in a delicious pickle with a perplexed chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
is it true that the delicious delicious fine perplexed sandwich kissed a president ? 
the chief of staff kissed a perplexed chief of staff . 
a fine perplexed president on a pickled chief of staff in a perplexed perplexed floor wanted a fine pickled floor . 
the pickled sandwich in the pickled fine perplexed president with the president under the pickle with the pickle in the sandwich with a delicious pickle with a president in every delicious chief of staff on the pickle with the floor on a delicious president in a pickled sandwich on a delicious president understood the sandwich . 
every delicious president kissed the pickle . 
is it true that a president ate the chief of staff with a floor with a sandwich ? 
a fine pickle ate every delicious sandwich on the chief of staff in the president . 
is it true that the perplexed floor under the president on the perplexed floor with every floor in the president understood a delicious delicious chief of staff in the delicious fine sandwich ? 
every perplexed pickled delicious floor with the president with a floor in a perplexed fine pickle on the pickle in the delicious floor wanted a delicious delicious sandwich in a sandwich under a fine perplexed perplexed floor . 
a president wanted the chief of staff under the pickled fine perplexed perplexed sandwich on a floor . 
a fine chief of staff kissed a delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled pickled delicious chief of staff in a delicious perplexed fine delicious perplexed perplexed delicious fine perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickled fine fine perplexed president ? 
every delicious floor kissed every president on a fine fine pickled pickled pickled perplexed perplexed president in a fine perplexed chief of staff with the president ! 
is it true that the delicious floor kissed a sandwich ? 
every pickled floor ate the president under the sandwich under the fine chief of staff on the sandwich on a pickled chief of staff with a pickled pickled fine chief of staff on the pickled president with every floor ! 
is it true that every president ate a president under every pickle ? 
every floor under the pickled floor with the pickled chief of staff in every fine pickled president with the chief of staff understood a pickle on the pickled pickle ! 
every delicious perplexed pickle understood the perplexed president . 
is it true that the fine pickle understood a perplexed delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every fine sandwich in the delicious pickled pickled sandwich on the delicious perplexed pickle under the pickled pickled floor under a pickle with the chief of staff with a pickled perplexed perplexed pickled president on the perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich under a pickled pickle on the chief of staff on the floor in a fine pickled chief of staff on a president ? 
is it true that every pickle understood the floor ? 
the pickle ate the floor with the perplexed president with the floor with a sandwich ! 
the sandwich understood the fine pickle ! 
is it true that a president understood a chief of staff ? 
the floor understood the pickle ! 
the perplexed perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff ate the chief of staff . 
the sandwich ate the pickle ! 
is it true that the floor kissed the sandwich ? 
a president in the fine chief of staff understood every perplexed delicious fine floor under the sandwich on the perplexed pickled delicious pickle under the floor ! 
every delicious delicious perplexed perplexed president kissed a pickle ! 
a perplexed fine fine floor with a pickled chief of staff on every perplexed sandwich with a perplexed pickle with a pickle on the delicious fine pickle under the floor under a chief of staff under a floor on a president with a sandwich wanted the pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
every president ate the president . 
a pickle wanted the president with a sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich ate a perplexed president ? 
the president ate a president . 
is it true that a delicious floor ate the sandwich ? 
the pickled pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff on the pickled fine delicious perplexed delicious pickled floor with the floor wanted the delicious pickled pickle in a sandwich with a sandwich under a fine pickle with a chief of staff in a perplexed floor on the pickle with the pickle in every president with the sandwich on a floor in a perplexed delicious sandwich under every pickled sandwich ! 
every perplexed pickle ate the floor . 
a perplexed delicious perplexed floor kissed a pickled chief of staff ! 
a floor with every floor in every floor with the delicious delicious sandwich with a pickled pickle understood every sandwich on every chief of staff under a sandwich under the president on every president in the chief of staff in a delicious delicious pickled sandwich . 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
a sandwich wanted the floor in the fine chief of staff ! 
the fine floor on the fine pickled president wanted a sandwich in the fine delicious perplexed pickle ! 
a perplexed president kissed every perplexed chief of staff . 
every delicious fine fine pickled pickle wanted every delicious delicious pickled delicious pickled pickle in a floor under the chief of staff in a pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
the floor in every floor under a perplexed floor wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that a fine sandwich on a chief of staff on the delicious sandwich ate a president ? 
every floor in the pickle on every president with the floor on a pickled fine delicious fine floor in a chief of staff wanted a pickle on every delicious chief of staff under the chief of staff ! 
a sandwich on the pickled delicious floor ate the floor on the chief of staff with every chief of staff . 
the sandwich wanted the fine pickle . 
the pickle with the president on a president understood every perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the floor kissed the delicious fine sandwich with every chief of staff under the pickled pickled delicious president on a sandwich under a pickled fine fine fine perplexed fine president in the president with the president under the chief of staff on a floor in a sandwich with a pickle on the perplexed delicious floor . 
the perplexed perplexed delicious pickled delicious president on the delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich on the president in the floor under a pickled floor with a fine perplexed delicious pickled pickle under a chief of staff on a chief of staff in the delicious president under the fine pickle ate a president ! 
the sandwich ate the president in every delicious fine chief of staff with the sandwich under the pickle under a delicious pickled delicious delicious fine pickle with the fine floor in the chief of staff on a floor with the pickled perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich in a pickled pickle with every pickled fine sandwich under the fine pickle . 
every fine pickle wanted a fine pickled perplexed pickle on the president . 
a sandwich understood a pickled pickle ! 
the chief of staff understood a president . 
a pickled sandwich in every floor with a president ate a pickled perplexed chief of staff with the floor ! 
every chief of staff understood a president on a delicious floor on a pickled pickle on every perplexed fine sandwich under every floor ! 
is it true that a fine pickled fine fine president understood the delicious pickle ? 
every delicious pickled chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff wanted the perplexed perplexed chief of staff in the delicious pickle in the fine pickle under a sandwich ! 
is it true that the president on the delicious chief of staff wanted a president ? 
is it true that the fine pickle kissed the delicious fine perplexed president ? 
the president ate a pickle under the floor in every chief of staff with the floor on the perplexed president with the sandwich . 
the perplexed floor under a pickle understood the fine delicious perplexed fine chief of staff . 
the chief of staff on the pickled pickle wanted a president on the president in the sandwich under the sandwich with a pickle with every pickled delicious pickled fine sandwich in the pickled pickled sandwich on the sandwich with the fine pickled pickled delicious floor with a pickle with every sandwich under a president with a perplexed floor with the chief of staff with a chief of staff under the delicious fine president on a sandwich on the sandwich ! 
the floor ate the floor . 
every fine president pickled the floor in a chief of staff . 
is it true that the president ate the pickled delicious floor under a floor ? 
a perplexed floor wanted the floor under the pickled president on every chief of staff under every pickle in the president on the pickle in every pickle ! 
the pickle with a sandwich understood the pickle with the sandwich on the floor under the chief of staff ! 
a sandwich wanted a floor . 
is it true that the sandwich on a chief of staff under the chief of staff under the pickle in a fine pickled fine sandwich in the fine president in a floor under the perplexed floor on the floor in the delicious delicious pickle understood the chief of staff in a president ? 
a fine fine sandwich wanted a delicious floor ! 
a pickle understood the pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the president ? 
is it true that every president ate a floor ? 
the floor on a pickle in a pickle under the delicious president ate the delicious floor with a president ! 
is it true that a perplexed pickled delicious delicious delicious chief of staff under the chief of staff on the pickled delicious floor in the chief of staff under every perplexed pickled pickled perplexed floor with the president under the delicious fine delicious floor understood a president ? 
the pickle on the pickled president wanted the fine perplexed sandwich ! 
the sandwich wanted the pickled pickle in the president ! 
is it true that a perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a president ? 
is it true that a sandwich ate the pickle with a president under the president in a perplexed president on a president ? 
the delicious president ate the pickle on a president with a floor on the sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled perplexed sandwich kissed every perplexed pickled floor ? 
a fine chief of staff ate the pickle . 
a pickled chief of staff under a floor under the chief of staff on the pickle under a pickle with a sandwich with a delicious chief of staff ate the pickled perplexed chief of staff on a perplexed pickle on a president . 
a president with the delicious delicious chief of staff kissed a sandwich ! 
every perplexed perplexed floor understood the floor under the president in a sandwich under the perplexed floor under the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the president in the delicious president on every delicious chief of staff in a perplexed sandwich on the fine floor in a sandwich with the perplexed floor in a chief of staff with a chief of staff wanted a delicious president on the pickled pickled president ? 
a chief of staff kissed the fine delicious president on the sandwich on a sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine president ate a fine fine fine fine pickle ? 
is it true that every pickle with the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed floor under the president understood the delicious chief of staff on a chief of staff in a delicious floor in every delicious fine pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate a fine floor on every pickle ? 
is it true that every floor understood a president ? 
is it true that the president with a floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff ate the pickled delicious perplexed floor on the pickled president on the pickle ? 
every president in the president under every pickle on the floor with every chief of staff under a chief of staff ate the floor . 
a fine chief of staff wanted a pickled pickled floor . 
the president kissed the floor . 
a president on the pickled sandwich with a sandwich wanted the fine delicious floor in a floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the pickled delicious sandwich under the chief of staff on the president in the delicious delicious floor on the pickled chief of staff under the delicious delicious sandwich with a perplexed pickled delicious delicious chief of staff in the floor under the president ? 
the pickled pickled sandwich on a perplexed sandwich in a president with the pickle understood a pickle on the perplexed perplexed fine pickled pickle under every floor ! 
a pickled sandwich in the pickled pickle kissed a delicious delicious perplexed pickle on every pickle . 
a sandwich ate a pickled pickled pickled fine perplexed president ! 
is it true that the pickled president under the president under every pickled delicious floor on the pickle in the president understood the pickle ? 
a delicious perplexed sandwich with the pickle with a sandwich in the fine pickle ate the pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed fine perplexed floor under the perplexed fine pickle understood the pickled delicious delicious fine chief of staff ? 
the sandwich wanted a president . 
is it true that a pickled pickled pickle with the floor with a pickle in the chief of staff on the sandwich under every president kissed every delicious delicious perplexed president ? 
is it true that the delicious floor understood every president ? 
is it true that the pickle with every sandwich with a fine floor ate every president ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the president under the pickle with the perplexed fine perplexed perplexed pickle under every fine fine pickle in a president with a floor with a floor under a pickle on a perplexed fine chief of staff on the fine fine pickle under the president ? 
the president under the chief of staff kissed the president ! 
a floor wanted the pickle under a fine president . 
is it true that every chief of staff on every chief of staff in a fine perplexed pickled pickled delicious president with every fine perplexed pickle understood a floor ? 
is it true that every floor on the perplexed president ate every floor ? 
the pickled president in the perplexed president in the floor under the chief of staff under every pickled delicious fine fine pickled pickled president on the perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled the pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle understood the sandwich with a perplexed fine perplexed delicious pickled president under a pickle under a pickled delicious president under the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the pickled floor understood every perplexed sandwich under every fine perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff ? 
every sandwich on the perplexed sandwich ate the president ! 
the pickled fine floor wanted every fine pickled sandwich . 
every pickled fine chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that a sandwich ate a sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious pickled president ate the fine sandwich in a pickle on the pickle with the chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff on a fine sandwich under the perplexed pickled perplexed fine pickle ? 
every chief of staff wanted a perplexed president ! 
every pickle under a perplexed fine fine chief of staff with the floor ate a fine floor . 
a perplexed floor under the perplexed delicious president ate a pickle in the president in a delicious sandwich ! 
a pickle kissed every fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed pickle understood a fine chief of staff under every fine president in the chief of staff on every chief of staff under the pickled fine perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich in a delicious chief of staff on the perplexed pickle kissed the fine president ? 
a president kissed the delicious perplexed floor . 
a chief of staff in every president on every floor wanted the delicious fine perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that every delicious sandwich understood a pickle ? 
a sandwich ate the sandwich . 
a pickle pickled every sandwich under every president under the perplexed delicious sandwich under every fine chief of staff on every fine chief of staff in a delicious president under the pickled president under the pickled pickle on the delicious chief of staff under the pickled president on every sandwich under the pickled pickle under the floor ! 
a pickled delicious president pickled a pickle . 
is it true that a pickle wanted the floor under the pickled delicious sandwich in every fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled sandwich kissed a president in a floor with the sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a pickled pickled fine floor ? 
a fine perplexed chief of staff on a chief of staff with a floor on a sandwich in the pickled president under the chief of staff kissed a president with every chief of staff on the chief of staff . 
a chief of staff kissed the perplexed president on the pickled pickle under the delicious floor in a perplexed fine fine pickle under every pickle under the pickled sandwich in a pickle on every sandwich . 
a pickled floor with the pickle under the pickle under a floor understood every sandwich on the president . 
the floor ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a chief of staff understood the pickled sandwich ? 
the president with every delicious delicious chief of staff ate every pickle ! 
the fine fine pickled president kissed a delicious president . 
the delicious fine delicious perplexed president wanted a pickle . 
the chief of staff with every sandwich in the perplexed president in the sandwich in the sandwich with every fine president under every fine floor under a pickle on the delicious fine delicious chief of staff on the president on a delicious pickled fine fine pickle with the perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff in every perplexed perplexed sandwich in the fine perplexed sandwich in a pickled president in every chief of staff understood the perplexed pickled pickled pickled pickle ! 
a floor wanted the president . 
is it true that every fine delicious sandwich kissed the perplexed perplexed pickle on the floor with every pickled floor ? 
the fine delicious chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
the fine perplexed sandwich understood the delicious pickle on the fine president in every president in every pickled pickle with the delicious president on the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president kissed the president ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich pickled a delicious pickle ? 
every perplexed perplexed pickle ate the delicious fine perplexed delicious fine floor . 
is it true that the floor on the fine president ate a president ? 
a chief of staff with a president in a pickled delicious pickle with every chief of staff kissed a pickle with the fine fine perplexed fine fine pickled delicious president . 
every floor wanted the sandwich . 
a sandwich understood the delicious sandwich . 
a floor kissed the pickle on the delicious delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle pickled the perplexed delicious floor ? 
is it true that every perplexed floor under a delicious pickled pickled sandwich with the delicious sandwich on the pickle with a pickled pickled pickled perplexed perplexed floor kissed every chief of staff with the pickle under a pickle under every perplexed pickled president on a president ? 
is it true that every pickle under the perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
a delicious delicious chief of staff understood the delicious president ! 
the pickled fine perplexed delicious chief of staff with the floor kissed a perplexed chief of staff ! 
a sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
the perplexed perplexed pickle pickled a president . 
every sandwich on a delicious fine sandwich on every sandwich wanted a chief of staff under a pickle in every president under a pickled floor . 
the floor on a floor with a president in every pickled delicious pickle under the pickled president ate the president ! 
is it true that the pickled president with the delicious floor understood a pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted the floor on a pickled floor ? 
the president kissed a pickled fine fine president . 
a sandwich in the chief of staff wanted a delicious floor ! 
the sandwich on the delicious pickle under the delicious president ate a delicious sandwich under every floor ! 
is it true that a president on the sandwich under every delicious fine pickled sandwich with the delicious pickle wanted a sandwich under the floor in the chief of staff under the chief of staff on a sandwich ? 
is it true that the floor understood the perplexed pickle ? 
the floor ate the delicious delicious floor . 
the delicious president with a pickle with a chief of staff wanted a floor with the fine president . 
every chief of staff with the sandwich in every floor with a delicious sandwich in a pickle on the president wanted every president . 
the perplexed sandwich kissed the floor . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the floor ? 
the chief of staff wanted the floor . 
every floor under the perplexed chief of staff with a pickled fine pickled pickle under every floor under the sandwich in a pickled sandwich under the fine sandwich on the floor understood the fine president ! 
is it true that the fine pickle wanted a floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate every fine pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle understood the sandwich with the fine chief of staff ? 
the sandwich understood every pickled president under a pickle on a fine pickled sandwich . 
a sandwich understood a president ! 
the floor ate the pickled pickle under the pickle on the president in the chief of staff in the chief of staff in the pickle with every fine pickled pickled floor ! 
the pickle kissed a sandwich on the floor ! 
the pickled sandwich understood every pickled delicious floor . 
a fine fine perplexed president in the floor with the sandwich in a pickle ate a pickled pickled sandwich . 
the sandwich with the pickled sandwich with a chief of staff on the president on a floor ate a pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious pickle kissed every delicious fine pickled fine perplexed chief of staff ? 
every delicious delicious perplexed pickle ate a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president under the fine president with a president with the president wanted every fine chief of staff ? 
every sandwich in a president under a president under a chief of staff with the pickle in a pickled pickled pickle wanted every chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff ate a president with the sandwich on the chief of staff with every perplexed fine chief of staff under a perplexed pickle with the pickled delicious floor under the chief of staff with every delicious fine sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the sandwich in the president ? 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
the sandwich in a chief of staff in the sandwich ate the perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle understood the chief of staff on the floor ? 
is it true that a pickle understood a floor under a president on the president on the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate a chief of staff with a pickled president on every chief of staff with every pickle with a president with every president . 
the perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff wanted a president on the perplexed perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate every president ? 
is it true that a pickled floor kissed every pickle ? 
the sandwich kissed the president ! 
every chief of staff understood a chief of staff . 
the sandwich with a sandwich understood a floor under a pickled pickle . 
is it true that the fine floor with every president kissed a pickled pickled delicious president with a pickled fine delicious president ? 
the floor on the floor wanted a pickled pickle ! 
the sandwich ate the chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickle on the pickle with every perplexed perplexed fine president wanted a sandwich on the delicious delicious floor ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle with every chief of staff understood the floor ? 
the floor kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed fine pickle kissed the pickle under the pickled delicious pickle under a delicious president under every delicious pickled sandwich with the pickle under a floor with a perplexed delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor understood every perplexed pickled floor ? 
is it true that every fine president pickled the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich in a chief of staff ? 
a sandwich ate a perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
a fine fine sandwich understood the floor under the chief of staff on every perplexed pickle under the perplexed chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
the pickle wanted a pickle . 
the pickle understood a fine delicious pickle with the pickle ! 
the pickled delicious sandwich in a chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
every fine sandwich kissed every perplexed delicious president on the president ! 
a perplexed fine sandwich kissed the chief of staff in the pickle . 
a floor ate the president ! 
is it true that the president in a fine sandwich kissed a pickle ? 
the president wanted the perplexed floor . 
a sandwich wanted the floor . 
is it true that the fine pickle ate the fine floor ? 
every pickle understood the pickle ! 
every delicious sandwich kissed the delicious chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickle ate the floor in a floor on the floor . 
is it true that the pickle on the perplexed pickled fine pickle in a delicious floor understood a chief of staff on a pickle on the pickled pickled perplexed perplexed delicious delicious pickle in the perplexed sandwich under a president with the floor with the president on the sandwich in a delicious pickle under a delicious pickled sandwich on a floor ? 
is it true that a fine pickled floor ate every floor ? 
every pickled chief of staff kissed the floor in a delicious floor in the delicious fine delicious fine perplexed floor with every floor ! 
the president with a delicious sandwich ate every fine chief of staff ! 
the pickle in the delicious delicious delicious delicious pickled perplexed pickle kissed the fine delicious pickle ! 
is it true that every president understood the delicious pickle under a pickle ? 
every floor with the chief of staff with the pickled pickle understood a sandwich in the floor on the pickled president in every pickle . 
the sandwich kissed the pickle on a chief of staff under the pickle . 
is it true that a fine fine floor kissed a pickle ? 
is it true that a president under the sandwich wanted every delicious delicious floor ? 
the fine floor kissed the perplexed chief of staff in a delicious floor ! 
is it true that every pickled delicious pickled perplexed president ate the pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich understood every delicious delicious pickled pickle under a president on every delicious delicious delicious delicious chief of staff in the sandwich under the pickled president on the pickled chief of staff under every sandwich on the perplexed perplexed fine sandwich on every floor under a sandwich on the fine sandwich on the pickle ? 
is it true that a floor understood the floor ? 
is it true that the floor ate a president ? 
is it true that every pickled president kissed the pickled delicious floor ? 
the delicious delicious floor kissed the fine perplexed president in a delicious pickle . 
every sandwich wanted the floor ! 
a president wanted the pickled pickled delicious delicious delicious president ! 
the president understood the fine pickled chief of staff . 
the floor ate a delicious sandwich . 
is it true that every fine delicious sandwich understood the perplexed delicious pickle with the president with a president ? 
a pickle on a pickled delicious pickle understood the pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed floor in a pickle on a delicious president in a president in the president under the perplexed pickle . 
the pickle under the pickle in a pickle understood the pickled delicious fine chief of staff ! 
the pickle in the chief of staff on the pickle on a sandwich on a pickled pickled sandwich on a pickled floor under the perplexed pickled perplexed fine chief of staff under the delicious pickled pickled pickle in the president pickled every pickled fine pickled pickle on a chief of staff . 
is it true that the president kissed a floor with a delicious perplexed chief of staff in the floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the delicious sandwich ? 
the fine president kissed the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled floor understood the pickled fine president on the pickled president ? 
the president understood the fine fine pickle . 
a perplexed perplexed president kissed the chief of staff in a floor . 
the pickle under the perplexed chief of staff with the president under the president on every floor with the perplexed pickled president under the floor ate a pickle ! 
the fine floor ate a pickled chief of staff . 
the president ate a floor ! 
is it true that every pickle in a delicious delicious sandwich with a chief of staff with the sandwich in the chief of staff with a perplexed pickled pickle with the perplexed president with a president in every president with a pickled president in a pickle in the president in a pickle in the pickled president on the fine pickle in the pickled president under the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled president under every delicious floor in the president understood the president on a fine fine perplexed perplexed floor in every pickle ? 
the pickle under a fine president wanted the chief of staff with a pickled perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff in a pickled chief of staff in the delicious perplexed president in the perplexed fine perplexed pickled chief of staff with the sandwich under every pickle on the president under the floor with the president with every sandwich with a chief of staff understood the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich under the sandwich under every pickled president under the chief of staff understood the floor under a sandwich ? 
the fine chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
a president understood a floor in a pickled pickled chief of staff . 
a delicious sandwich ate the fine delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich in the delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickle ate the floor ? 
is it true that the floor wanted the pickled delicious sandwich ? 
a pickled pickled president kissed a pickled sandwich on a fine chief of staff . 
the pickled pickled president wanted every president ! 
is it true that every pickled fine perplexed pickled floor on the sandwich under the chief of staff on a fine pickle in every sandwich with a pickled president in a delicious sandwich with a pickled delicious delicious fine chief of staff on the chief of staff under the president with the pickled president kissed the president ? 
is it true that the fine president understood a fine chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff with every president understood the sandwich ! 
every delicious pickle kissed the pickle under a chief of staff ! 
the president with every pickle understood a delicious sandwich ! 
the sandwich understood a pickle . 
the delicious chief of staff kissed every pickle on a fine pickled president under the chief of staff under the fine delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor in the floor with a sandwich with the pickle in a fine pickle with a fine pickle in a fine perplexed perplexed pickle under a pickled sandwich with a floor in a perplexed pickled chief of staff on a pickled perplexed pickle with a sandwich on a sandwich wanted the perplexed perplexed delicious floor under every chief of staff under a sandwich ? 
a fine sandwich in the sandwich in the sandwich on a perplexed pickled pickled pickle under the sandwich kissed a president with a chief of staff in a perplexed pickled floor with every chief of staff under every pickled pickle in a fine delicious delicious pickle under the floor under the president on the fine perplexed president in a delicious president in a president under a sandwich on a perplexed pickle in every sandwich in a pickle in a perplexed pickle with the delicious delicious president with a perplexed chief of staff in a chief of staff in the pickle in the floor in the delicious pickle under the president ! 
a chief of staff understood a pickled pickled delicious president with a perplexed chief of staff on the fine perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the floor understood a sandwich ? 
every perplexed fine president kissed a president with a fine fine pickled fine pickled fine pickle ! 
every pickled chief of staff with the floor with the floor wanted the chief of staff under a pickled perplexed pickle on a delicious floor ! 
the president ate the floor ! 
a pickled floor understood every president with the floor with the chief of staff . 
a president ate a perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed president kissed the pickled president ? 
every fine delicious perplexed pickle wanted the delicious delicious pickled president . 
is it true that a floor ate every sandwich ? 
is it true that the president with the president ate a pickled president ? 
the chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
the delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a delicious perplexed floor ! 
a floor with the president on every perplexed delicious pickle kissed a fine perplexed pickle . 
a floor under every fine sandwich on a chief of staff on a perplexed chief of staff on a floor on a floor with every fine fine sandwich with a delicious fine pickle kissed a perplexed pickle ! 
the fine pickle understood the sandwich ! 
the perplexed president on a floor understood a pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff understood the pickle on a president in a fine fine delicious fine president with every pickle on a chief of staff on every pickled sandwich on a floor ? 
is it true that every president with a pickled delicious perplexed pickle understood the sandwich ? 
a sandwich kissed every perplexed pickle in the chief of staff . 
a delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted the pickled pickled pickled sandwich ! 
every pickled pickled perplexed delicious president understood a delicious floor on the perplexed perplexed president . 
is it true that the pickle on the chief of staff ate every perplexed perplexed pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious perplexed sandwich kissed the sandwich on the floor ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
a pickle wanted the fine president under the sandwich under a fine president under every fine sandwich under every sandwich under the president on the pickle ! 
the pickled perplexed delicious fine chief of staff kissed the president ! 
the sandwich wanted the delicious delicious chief of staff on every floor under a delicious delicious president in the president with the floor under the floor in the floor in every chief of staff . 
the sandwich understood a delicious perplexed pickled floor on the delicious floor ! 
a president under the delicious president on the president with the president on the delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
the fine floor in every fine pickle kissed the fine perplexed pickle on the delicious floor . 
a fine delicious president in a fine floor wanted every delicious floor . 
the sandwich kissed every sandwich . 
the fine chief of staff wanted a floor on a floor on the chief of staff under the sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich understood a president ? 
the pickle kissed the chief of staff under a pickled floor ! 
the floor on the president with the chief of staff ate the president ! 
a pickled delicious sandwich under a perplexed president kissed every fine perplexed chief of staff under a fine floor in a pickle on the perplexed delicious pickle in the perplexed floor in a floor in the sandwich on the floor on the perplexed chief of staff with the delicious sandwich under every president in the pickle with a perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff in the perplexed fine chief of staff under the chief of staff on the pickled president . 
every perplexed chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor wanted a pickled pickled delicious floor ? 
is it true that a pickled perplexed chief of staff ate the president on a pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff under a president in the chief of staff under every president with the pickled perplexed pickle understood the pickle ? 
the fine chief of staff on the delicious sandwich understood the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle on the president ate the delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious president ate the sandwich ? 
the president wanted the sandwich in a fine delicious president . 
the sandwich wanted a floor with every chief of staff . 
the pickle on a delicious pickle with the pickle kissed every chief of staff in a president . 
a pickled president with the pickle kissed every delicious pickled pickle under a sandwich . 
is it true that every delicious chief of staff in a pickled fine pickle in a sandwich understood the president with a president ? 
a chief of staff understood the fine delicious fine delicious sandwich . 
the delicious sandwich kissed every floor . 
is it true that the floor under a chief of staff with the president on a sandwich in the perplexed floor with every floor kissed the sandwich under a floor ? 
the pickle understood a pickle under the president . 
is it true that a pickled floor ate a floor ? 
every delicious pickle ate a sandwich ! 
the chief of staff in every pickled delicious floor kissed every delicious delicious fine chief of staff ! 
the pickled sandwich with the pickle in every delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff pickled every chief of staff on a fine pickled chief of staff under every floor under the fine pickle on the floor in a sandwich under the president on the president ! 
is it true that the sandwich in a chief of staff kissed a president ? 
every floor ate a pickle ! 
is it true that every sandwich kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the delicious pickle understood the perplexed sandwich ? 
the fine delicious pickle on the chief of staff in a floor wanted the floor in every floor in a perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled floor on a president ate every delicious floor ? 
a pickle wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff ate the pickle under the president ? 
is it true that a sandwich on every pickle with the president in a chief of staff with the chief of staff on the pickled pickle in the president understood the president ? 
every floor under the fine delicious pickle under the pickle under the pickled floor with the pickle kissed every chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff pickled a floor . 
is it true that a delicious president with the chief of staff pickled a fine sandwich ? 
the pickle kissed a sandwich with every floor in the president ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled perplexed fine chief of staff ate a pickle ? 
is it true that the president kissed the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a floor with a perplexed sandwich ? 
the sandwich in the delicious pickle kissed every sandwich ! 
is it true that a president with every fine floor ate every perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious delicious president ate the chief of staff ? 
a perplexed president on the chief of staff with a delicious perplexed pickled delicious floor in a fine fine pickle kissed the fine chief of staff . 
the pickled perplexed fine delicious sandwich wanted the delicious fine pickled delicious sandwich . 
a president with every floor kissed the fine chief of staff with a president in the sandwich on every chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff with the floor in a pickled delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff in the sandwich ate the president on every president ! 
is it true that a president with the pickled delicious sandwich in the perplexed pickled fine perplexed perplexed pickled delicious pickled sandwich on every fine fine perplexed pickle wanted the pickled perplexed floor with the fine delicious pickled chief of staff in a pickle under the pickle with the president ? 
a perplexed sandwich on a delicious president on every delicious delicious chief of staff on a fine delicious pickled pickled pickled delicious pickle under a president under a sandwich on every fine sandwich with the floor kissed a pickled president in the sandwich ! 
the president wanted the president . 
a pickled floor wanted a floor on a chief of staff on the perplexed president on the chief of staff with the floor with the president with the pickle under a president with the sandwich ! 
the sandwich kissed the pickled floor ! 
is it true that the fine floor kissed the delicious sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted the president . 
a floor pickled the pickle in the sandwich on the pickle in the pickled sandwich with the pickle in the fine president under the president with a pickle under the delicious floor with the fine chief of staff with a president under the president under the perplexed president on the sandwich on every president under the chief of staff in every perplexed floor under a delicious delicious pickled pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff kissed every pickle ? 
is it true that a floor ate a floor ? 
a delicious chief of staff wanted the president ! 
every fine fine delicious delicious pickled pickled chief of staff with the pickle in the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich on a fine floor understood the floor . 
is it true that every fine pickled perplexed fine perplexed delicious sandwich under every sandwich on the perplexed pickle understood the fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich ate a president ? 
the chief of staff on the fine floor kissed a pickled pickle ! 
every president understood the president . 
a chief of staff ate the delicious perplexed pickle . 
the chief of staff ate a pickle with the perplexed fine chief of staff in every sandwich in a president under the chief of staff on a perplexed chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff on the sandwich under the sandwich under the fine floor ! 
the perplexed sandwich in the floor with the pickle under the sandwich on the chief of staff in every pickled floor under the pickled perplexed perplexed floor with every president ate the floor on the fine delicious delicious perplexed president ! 
a pickled chief of staff under every president with the fine fine pickle kissed a pickled fine delicious pickled floor with the fine president under the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the president ? 
the chief of staff wanted a fine fine sandwich . 
a pickle on the perplexed perplexed pickled delicious delicious delicious floor in every pickled delicious perplexed sandwich on a delicious perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff with the delicious delicious delicious president ate a floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the floor ? 
the perplexed pickled fine sandwich in a delicious perplexed president understood the pickled president in the fine floor . 
a pickled perplexed president under every sandwich on the floor kissed the pickled sandwich with a pickle . 
is it true that the fine sandwich in the chief of staff ate a fine sandwich ? 
the pickle in the pickle ate the perplexed pickle ! 
the pickled chief of staff ate the chief of staff . 
is it true that a sandwich on the fine chief of staff ate the delicious chief of staff ? 
a delicious president wanted the chief of staff in the pickle with every chief of staff on the chief of staff in the pickled perplexed delicious pickle in the chief of staff in the fine sandwich under the pickle on the delicious chief of staff on the pickled pickled chief of staff under a president in the fine pickled pickled pickled president on the fine perplexed pickle under every president under the perplexed sandwich under a president with a perplexed pickle under a chief of staff under every pickle on a fine pickled fine delicious floor ! 
is it true that a president kissed every fine sandwich ? 
a chief of staff under the president wanted a perplexed perplexed chief of staff in a pickled sandwich on a president under the president with the fine fine floor with the fine delicious floor in the fine delicious pickled pickle in every president with a president in every delicious delicious chief of staff with a chief of staff with a delicious fine pickle with every pickle on the fine pickled sandwich ! 
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate a pickled president ! 
is it true that the delicious president understood the pickled floor ? 
a pickled sandwich understood a chief of staff . 
is it true that a president with the fine pickle under the floor with a floor understood a delicious fine floor ? 
a delicious pickled perplexed pickle understood a perplexed pickled fine chief of staff under every delicious chief of staff in a pickled delicious floor ! 
the perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed fine pickle kissed a fine pickled pickled fine chief of staff with the president under the sandwich on a president in a perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff . 
the chief of staff in the fine pickle under the delicious delicious floor wanted every fine fine chief of staff on the pickle ! 
a chief of staff ate every floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
every pickled pickled pickle on the president kissed the pickled perplexed fine president in the floor ! 
is it true that a fine chief of staff understood a sandwich ? 
every president understood the president in the delicious pickle with a president ! 
the floor understood the perplexed fine floor . 
a perplexed fine delicious chief of staff kissed a perplexed delicious chief of staff with a pickled fine pickle . 
a floor ate the sandwich in the pickle . 
is it true that the pickled president ate the pickled floor ? 
a perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich in the pickled sandwich on the pickle under a chief of staff understood the fine floor . 
every delicious pickled perplexed president kissed a fine fine chief of staff ! 
every delicious chief of staff ate a pickle . 
a floor under every fine delicious pickled chief of staff in the fine pickle wanted a pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
the floor wanted the delicious pickle under the delicious pickled floor under every chief of staff . 
the fine perplexed pickled pickle wanted the president under the delicious pickle under a pickled pickled chief of staff on the floor under the floor under the president on the chief of staff under a fine delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled pickled president ate a pickle with a fine pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled fine chief of staff on the pickled delicious sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff under the floor on the perplexed fine delicious chief of staff in the pickled sandwich with every delicious perplexed sandwich on every pickle wanted the sandwich under a sandwich under the president with every floor on every pickle under a chief of staff on the perplexed president under the chief of staff in a president under every perplexed perplexed president ? 
is it true that the sandwich with the pickled perplexed chief of staff in a floor with the pickle in the sandwich kissed a president ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the president ? 
every delicious president kissed a pickled president on the floor in a delicious chief of staff under the sandwich . 
a pickle on the president on the delicious floor with every pickle on every president under the fine chief of staff with a floor in the pickled pickled sandwich on a chief of staff wanted the president under a pickle ! 
the floor ate every perplexed fine delicious pickled floor ! 
every pickled pickled chief of staff understood the president ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled president understood a floor ? 
the sandwich wanted every perplexed president ! 
a fine sandwich with the president kissed the floor . 
is it true that the fine floor with the pickled president pickled the delicious delicious pickle ? 
a president kissed the perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled sandwich kissed the pickled sandwich ? 
a pickle wanted a floor under the sandwich under every pickled sandwich in a pickle in a floor with the perplexed pickled pickle with every chief of staff in every pickle with the president in a sandwich . 
a sandwich in the fine floor on every floor in the perplexed president on a sandwich in a perplexed chief of staff under the president in every president with a perplexed pickled floor in every pickle with every pickle on the perplexed floor understood the delicious pickle . 
a chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
the floor understood every delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff understood a fine floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a fine fine fine president on the president on every chief of staff in the pickled perplexed fine pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff ? 
a delicious delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed the floor . 
a fine pickle under the pickled floor kissed a president under a perplexed sandwich . 
the fine fine fine chief of staff understood a fine delicious fine pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed pickle kissed every perplexed floor ? 
the floor wanted the pickled chief of staff under the delicious floor with the floor under every delicious pickled pickle under the delicious delicious floor in every pickle on a perplexed perplexed chief of staff with the president with the floor . 
the floor understood every delicious chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff pickled a delicious floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich on the chief of staff with the sandwich with a sandwich under the president pickled the perplexed sandwich ? 
the floor understood a sandwich in every fine pickled delicious chief of staff in the president on the perplexed pickle in the delicious pickle ! 
the floor understood the floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every floor on a fine president ? 
every pickle kissed the president on the delicious perplexed fine president . 
every sandwich in every sandwich wanted the pickled pickle on the pickle on the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich with the pickled president in every fine floor with every pickled pickle with a pickled floor under the chief of staff understood the perplexed fine floor in the fine perplexed delicious fine floor in the chief of staff on the president with a fine perplexed perplexed president with every pickle under the floor ? 
is it true that the president in the president kissed every president with the delicious pickled fine pickle with the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed fine pickle under a floor ate a chief of staff in every perplexed fine president under the sandwich in the chief of staff under the delicious floor ? 
a pickle ate the fine fine fine delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted the president ? 
is it true that the floor in the fine floor on the chief of staff ate the floor ? 
is it true that the pickled perplexed fine president wanted a floor under the pickle with a pickled sandwich in the delicious floor on a pickled perplexed pickled president with a sandwich on a floor ? 
every delicious floor under a pickled perplexed floor kissed every floor on the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich understood a president under a pickle under every perplexed pickled president ! 
is it true that the fine pickled floor kissed a pickled delicious floor with the chief of staff on the fine sandwich with a perplexed pickled president ? 
is it true that the floor kissed a president ? 
the fine fine pickle under the president understood a sandwich . 
is it true that the president understood the president ? 
the sandwich on the pickled chief of staff on every pickled president pickled a president . 
a pickled perplexed pickle understood the fine president with the floor in a delicious perplexed floor . 
the president on a chief of staff with every perplexed pickled sandwich with the floor with every floor on the sandwich on the sandwich wanted every sandwich under the floor . 
the floor ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood a delicious delicious perplexed president ? 
the floor understood the pickle with every fine chief of staff on the delicious floor in a president in every pickle with the sandwich ! 
the fine floor understood the pickle ! 
is it true that every perplexed delicious sandwich in the perplexed delicious sandwich understood the delicious chief of staff on a pickled pickle on a floor under the perplexed chief of staff on a fine pickle under the chief of staff ? 
every floor pickled a perplexed president on a president in a president on a pickle in the chief of staff with every floor under the president ! 
every pickled sandwich ate a floor . 
a delicious fine pickle understood a pickle in the pickled floor with the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle understood every sandwich with the floor ? 
the chief of staff ate every pickled delicious pickled fine delicious pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that a perplexed president with every pickled perplexed pickled fine delicious floor wanted a fine floor ? 
a floor under the pickled fine chief of staff pickled a sandwich ! 
a floor wanted a perplexed delicious fine president . 
the delicious delicious floor wanted a president . 
the fine president wanted a delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious pickle with the pickle under the president on every floor with the president wanted a delicious chief of staff ? 
a delicious chief of staff on a president wanted a pickle . 
the perplexed sandwich understood a pickle with a floor on the pickle in every pickled president on the pickled fine perplexed pickle ! 
the perplexed pickle wanted the pickle . 
every president wanted a pickle with the pickle . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich kissed the chief of staff ? 
every president kissed the floor ! 
the delicious chief of staff on the floor under the pickle ate the pickle . 
is it true that a floor in the delicious perplexed floor understood the floor ? 
a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich understood every president ? 
every fine chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
the floor kissed a delicious perplexed chief of staff on a floor in a pickle ! 
a sandwich wanted the floor in the pickled floor on a president with a pickle in the floor on the delicious perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich in the delicious president with every sandwich with a sandwich with the fine president under a president with a delicious pickle on a chief of staff under the pickle in the president with every delicious fine pickled sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle under a pickle on every president kissed the chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed the floor with the pickled chief of staff in the chief of staff on the delicious chief of staff on the floor on the pickle in a pickle under a perplexed perplexed perplexed floor with a delicious chief of staff on every chief of staff under a pickled president with a pickled president ! 
is it true that the fine president ate a pickled president ? 
every fine delicious president kissed the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich on a perplexed perplexed chief of staff in the chief of staff in the president in every perplexed fine perplexed sandwich under the sandwich with the sandwich with the sandwich under every chief of staff with the pickle on every chief of staff with the pickle under every president with a fine pickled chief of staff with every fine chief of staff with every sandwich in every chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
the floor on the pickled pickled fine fine president understood a president . 
a delicious pickle understood a pickled pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
the perplexed floor kissed a delicious president on every fine president under a perplexed pickled fine president in a pickle on the delicious fine delicious chief of staff with the perplexed fine chief of staff under the perplexed pickle under the delicious delicious president under the sandwich in the fine perplexed president on every delicious president with the sandwich on a pickle under the pickle with the sandwich under the president . 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff understood the pickled pickle under every chief of staff ? 
the pickle understood every president ! 
is it true that a delicious president with a sandwich in the floor with every fine fine pickled fine perplexed pickled pickle in the perplexed perplexed sandwich under a delicious president under a chief of staff on a delicious sandwich on every chief of staff in the floor under a pickle in a perplexed perplexed delicious floor ate the pickle with the pickle ? 
the delicious president kissed the fine chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff understood a perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff on the president on every pickled chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich ? 
a sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich under the sandwich with the perplexed pickled pickled delicious delicious pickle understood the perplexed delicious delicious pickled fine sandwich ? 
the floor under a chief of staff under the pickled fine delicious fine perplexed floor under a president under the floor under the president on a delicious floor understood every fine president . 
the floor ate the delicious chief of staff in every pickled floor ! 
is it true that the fine pickle wanted the pickled sandwich ? 
the fine pickled floor wanted a pickle ! 
the pickle ate every perplexed delicious chief of staff with a delicious fine fine pickle ! 
every fine floor with the floor under the president on every pickled sandwich wanted the perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the pickle under a chief of staff in every fine delicious delicious fine fine floor wanted the fine perplexed president ? 
the pickle on the fine president under the floor with a perplexed chief of staff with the perplexed sandwich on the pickle kissed a perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled sandwich kissed every floor ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious pickle with a floor under the delicious perplexed sandwich in a pickled fine president ate every floor ? 
a perplexed sandwich in a pickle on every pickle on the pickle in the president under every president with the president in the chief of staff under the floor kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickle under the perplexed chief of staff kissed a fine floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich in a pickle on the floor on the perplexed fine pickle in a delicious pickled delicious pickle on the floor understood a fine fine perplexed fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine delicious sandwich kissed every delicious sandwich ? 
every pickled pickle kissed the fine floor . 
a pickled chief of staff in a pickled president on every chief of staff understood a perplexed pickled floor on a pickle under the fine president on every floor in a pickle . 
the fine floor wanted a fine pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle with a fine president ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that every delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich ate the chief of staff ? 
the pickle with a chief of staff pickled the fine pickle in the perplexed president in a floor under a perplexed chief of staff . 
every pickled delicious perplexed president kissed the floor on a perplexed floor with a floor in a pickle on every floor under a perplexed delicious delicious floor ! 
a president kissed the fine sandwich under the pickle on every perplexed chief of staff under the fine fine pickle . 
the president ate a pickle in the sandwich with the pickled president on every floor in the floor under a pickled floor ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the pickled perplexed pickled delicious sandwich with every delicious sandwich on the pickle ? 
every pickle under the pickled sandwich in a sandwich on a pickled chief of staff with a fine pickled chief of staff wanted the delicious perplexed delicious delicious president ! 
the pickled chief of staff on a chief of staff on a pickled floor under a sandwich with the sandwich under the president wanted a fine sandwich under the president ! 
the pickled delicious president under a fine sandwich under the chief of staff under a pickled perplexed delicious pickled president under every pickled sandwich with the sandwich with a pickle under the pickled pickle wanted every floor with the perplexed perplexed floor under the fine floor on every floor under the pickle with every pickle in a pickled fine floor with a pickle on the sandwich on the sandwich with every floor in the pickle under a chief of staff with every perplexed fine pickle with the pickled floor under the sandwich with the pickled president in the floor under every floor in a fine fine sandwich . 
the fine chief of staff under a president pickled the delicious pickle on every chief of staff on a pickle on a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious sandwich understood a sandwich ? 
the floor ate the sandwich . 
a pickled pickled chief of staff in every pickled floor under the floor with the perplexed perplexed sandwich ate the delicious pickle . 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled floor ? 
the chief of staff ate the sandwich with the sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine president kissed a sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious floor under every sandwich in a pickle in every delicious pickled chief of staff in every floor on the fine delicious chief of staff with the pickle pickled the sandwich on a pickled floor on a pickled president ? 
the pickle ate the pickled chief of staff ! 
a delicious pickled perplexed pickle with the pickled pickle ate the delicious perplexed perplexed floor . 
a president ate the sandwich under every pickled perplexed sandwich on every president . 
is it true that a perplexed pickle with a delicious president in the fine perplexed pickled pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the pickled fine floor ? 
the delicious chief of staff ate every delicious delicious pickle . 
the president ate a sandwich on every perplexed fine president in the delicious sandwich on the sandwich with the sandwich ! 
a sandwich ate every chief of staff in a floor under a fine president with the pickle in every pickle on the sandwich under every sandwich in every floor on the pickle ! 
the delicious floor kissed every delicious fine president ! 
the pickle under a floor with every pickle on a pickled chief of staff ate the fine pickled pickled delicious pickle ! 
the pickle wanted the fine president in a sandwich with the pickled pickled pickled pickle . 
is it true that the delicious pickled floor in a fine fine floor under the pickle with a perplexed floor in every pickled delicious perplexed pickle on every pickle on every sandwich on the perplexed delicious pickled pickled sandwich under every president in the perplexed floor on a delicious pickle in the pickle understood the sandwich ? 
the sandwich under the sandwich wanted the delicious pickle in every delicious perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickled sandwich in a pickled pickled delicious sandwich kissed the sandwich under the floor on the sandwich ? 
a sandwich kissed the pickle on the floor ! 
the pickle kissed the sandwich ! 
a president with a perplexed pickle in every chief of staff in the sandwich with the sandwich under a fine floor with the perplexed pickled perplexed fine floor on a delicious president under a sandwich understood a fine chief of staff in every floor with a delicious sandwich . 
every floor kissed the floor ! 
is it true that the fine president on the pickle understood a sandwich ? 
a chief of staff in the president under a sandwich under the floor in the sandwich in the perplexed pickle in the chief of staff on a fine perplexed delicious floor in every sandwich under every delicious delicious president with the chief of staff in the floor with every pickle under the president under the pickled delicious president understood the floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff under the president wanted the delicious pickle in the floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a pickled chief of staff ? 
a perplexed sandwich ate the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that a floor wanted a floor ? 
every delicious delicious floor in a sandwich understood a sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled fine fine delicious perplexed delicious fine pickled sandwich with a sandwich in the chief of staff under the perplexed floor with every floor with the fine pickle in a president in every chief of staff on a pickled pickle in every perplexed perplexed sandwich on the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff with the perplexed pickle with the floor in the delicious pickled delicious fine president with the pickle under every president with the floor in a fine pickled floor under a chief of staff kissed a fine perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor wanted the floor ? 
a perplexed sandwich ate the floor with the pickle in every chief of staff . 
the pickled fine sandwich kissed a pickle with the pickled fine sandwich . 
is it true that the delicious perplexed president understood a pickle in a floor ? 
a delicious chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed a president in the president under a chief of staff . 
the fine delicious fine fine pickled fine pickled floor on the delicious perplexed fine perplexed pickled chief of staff on a delicious pickle with the fine chief of staff on the sandwich on a pickle under a pickle with the president ate the floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the president ? 
is it true that a floor wanted a president ? 
a fine perplexed president kissed a floor ! 
the pickle understood the fine floor . 
is it true that the delicious delicious delicious pickle understood a perplexed delicious fine pickle ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the fine sandwich ? 
the fine pickled pickled pickle ate every perplexed floor ! 
the delicious sandwich on every president understood the perplexed pickle ! 
a pickled pickle in a president understood a perplexed delicious pickle ! 
the chief of staff understood a delicious floor . 
the perplexed floor with the floor in the pickled pickled pickle kissed every pickled delicious pickled floor with the president . 
is it true that a pickle understood every fine delicious pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickle wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a chief of staff on the sandwich ? 
is it true that a perplexed president understood a pickled delicious president ? 
the sandwich wanted the president . 
a fine pickled sandwich understood a pickled fine perplexed sandwich on the pickled sandwich on the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled pickled president ! 
the delicious fine sandwich on every perplexed pickled perplexed floor under the sandwich ate a pickled pickle in the delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff in a pickle in the sandwich in every fine pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted every president ? 
is it true that every floor understood the president ? 
a chief of staff ate the pickled sandwich with a sandwich in every fine pickle on every perplexed fine perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood every pickled fine fine delicious pickle with the pickle with every floor under every delicious delicious floor with the floor under the president on every pickle ? 
a chief of staff on the sandwich in a chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that a president in the delicious fine perplexed president on a pickled floor wanted a floor ? 
is it true that the delicious fine pickle wanted a pickle with every sandwich ? 
the pickle ate a chief of staff ! 
a fine pickled delicious sandwich pickled a pickle ! 
is it true that a floor understood the pickled floor with the president in the floor on the chief of staff in a perplexed perplexed fine pickle with the floor on the delicious delicious delicious fine pickled pickle on a delicious floor in the chief of staff ? 
a perplexed chief of staff in a president understood every president . 
a pickle on a delicious chief of staff in the pickled chief of staff in the chief of staff on every sandwich in every perplexed pickle in every sandwich on the perplexed floor in every perplexed delicious floor under a chief of staff with the delicious pickle with the pickled president on the chief of staff with the pickled fine pickle with the delicious sandwich on the fine fine delicious pickle with a delicious floor under the sandwich in the pickle in every president with the fine chief of staff under a delicious sandwich pickled a delicious fine pickled sandwich in a pickle on a fine sandwich with the sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted a delicious pickled pickle with every pickled fine president with every chief of staff . 
is it true that a delicious sandwich understood every chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich ate a floor ? 
every floor in the fine pickled president with the sandwich under a sandwich with a sandwich on the fine fine fine fine floor with the delicious sandwich on the fine floor in the perplexed sandwich in the fine perplexed perplexed president in the delicious perplexed pickled sandwich with the president in a chief of staff in the floor on every delicious pickle in the pickle in the sandwich on the sandwich in the floor on every floor under the pickled sandwich with the sandwich under the delicious perplexed delicious floor on every pickled chief of staff kissed every pickle ! 
the pickle understood every president ! 
the pickled sandwich pickled the perplexed fine sandwich . 
a pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled president with a pickled fine sandwich under a perplexed fine fine perplexed delicious chief of staff in a pickle on a fine fine chief of staff on the pickle under the president with every chief of staff in the fine sandwich under the pickled chief of staff in every delicious president in every floor in the perplexed fine chief of staff with the chief of staff on a sandwich with a president in a fine delicious floor with the floor under the chief of staff under the floor on every perplexed sandwich in the delicious floor on the sandwich under every floor . 
the delicious pickle in a floor wanted the president in the chief of staff . 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the delicious perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich ? 
every sandwich pickled the chief of staff . 
the pickled chief of staff in every chief of staff understood a delicious floor in a floor in a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president wanted the perplexed pickle ? 
a delicious delicious sandwich ate a perplexed pickled delicious delicious sandwich . 
is it true that the fine president under the pickled fine sandwich understood a floor ? 
the pickle with a sandwich under every fine chief of staff understood a floor ! 
the floor with the fine fine sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every fine sandwich wanted the fine chief of staff ? 
a president wanted the perplexed floor in every chief of staff with every pickle with a chief of staff in a president with the sandwich under the floor ! 
a pickled delicious president understood a pickled floor under a president in a fine pickled perplexed perplexed president on the perplexed floor under the sandwich . 
the chief of staff understood every fine floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood a perplexed sandwich on a chief of staff ? 
the delicious floor wanted every perplexed delicious sandwich with a delicious perplexed president . 
a fine fine perplexed president wanted a sandwich . 
a floor ate a pickled floor . 
the delicious pickled pickle ate the delicious chief of staff ! 
the fine pickled pickle under every president with every perplexed pickle under the president on the sandwich with a delicious perplexed fine chief of staff kissed a delicious pickled pickled delicious president in every sandwich with a chief of staff on every sandwich in the chief of staff in a pickle ! 
is it true that every fine fine perplexed perplexed sandwich understood a chief of staff in a pickle ? 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed a fine pickle ? 
a chief of staff ate a fine perplexed perplexed fine perplexed perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff in the president . 
is it true that the floor on the chief of staff ate the perplexed perplexed chief of staff under the fine president under the chief of staff in the pickle in the chief of staff ? 
every president kissed the fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle under the president understood the pickled fine floor ? 
the pickle wanted a chief of staff on a sandwich on a delicious chief of staff under the pickle on every president ! 
the pickled chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious pickle understood the fine floor ? 
the perplexed floor under a sandwich on the sandwich under every president on the sandwich ate a president ! 
is it true that the floor with the pickle under the floor with a president under the pickle under the perplexed delicious fine pickled president ate the pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the president ? 
a floor understood every fine chief of staff ! 
every floor in a pickled perplexed floor with every fine perplexed delicious perplexed floor on a pickle under a pickled fine president under the fine chief of staff in every fine delicious perplexed pickle under the chief of staff under the chief of staff with a chief of staff understood the president . 
is it true that the pickled pickle ate the chief of staff ? 
a delicious perplexed president pickled every fine pickled president . 
the floor ate the fine sandwich in the chief of staff . 
the president ate the delicious floor in the perplexed chief of staff under the floor under the floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich ate the pickle ? 
a perplexed chief of staff understood the president ! 
is it true that the sandwich in the sandwich with every chief of staff wanted every perplexed sandwich in a delicious delicious pickle in a pickle in a floor on a fine pickled fine delicious fine chief of staff under the delicious chief of staff with a sandwich under the fine pickle under a delicious floor on the fine fine pickled chief of staff in the fine perplexed perplexed president with the sandwich under every chief of staff with a fine pickle with the delicious president with a perplexed president ? 
is it true that every president with a sandwich in the sandwich in every floor wanted every fine president under the pickled pickle under a fine pickled perplexed fine delicious delicious pickled chief of staff under the president with a floor under a president ? 
the delicious floor with the sandwich understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff under the sandwich on a fine president ate the pickle ? 
is it true that a floor understood a sandwich ? 
the perplexed perplexed pickle wanted the pickle . 
the pickle wanted the sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich in a pickled pickle under every perplexed pickled floor under the president under every chief of staff kissed the pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled sandwich under the chief of staff wanted a floor ? 
every perplexed perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich pickled every perplexed floor on the president ? 
the chief of staff understood the perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a perplexed delicious pickle on the pickled pickle on every floor in every delicious pickled fine pickled floor with the pickle ate the pickled fine floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff understood a pickled perplexed president ? 
every sandwich under the perplexed pickled sandwich with the perplexed floor understood a president . 
is it true that a perplexed delicious floor kissed the pickled perplexed pickle ? 
a pickled sandwich understood the fine delicious floor . 
the pickled sandwich understood the floor ! 
a president pickled the sandwich ! 
the chief of staff in every perplexed sandwich understood the president under a president on the chief of staff under the perplexed president on every floor under the delicious sandwich under a pickled perplexed sandwich on a delicious sandwich with every floor under every pickled floor in a pickled delicious chief of staff with the chief of staff . 
the president wanted the delicious president . 
the delicious sandwich with the delicious pickle under a pickle pickled the sandwich . 
is it true that every floor wanted a chief of staff on a sandwich on the pickle ? 
the pickle in the chief of staff with a chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff on the delicious floor wanted every floor under the fine perplexed sandwich under the sandwich ! 
is it true that the president understood a delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious pickled fine pickled floor understood the floor under the floor ? 
is it true that the delicious sandwich kissed the sandwich under the floor in a chief of staff ? 
a delicious fine delicious fine perplexed president understood the delicious fine fine delicious president . 
the floor kissed the fine pickled fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president understood the perplexed fine delicious floor ? 
a floor ate the floor . 
a pickled president in a pickled pickled delicious delicious perplexed pickled pickle with the floor ate the president ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the pickled pickle ? 
a president wanted a chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled pickle wanted the sandwich ? 
a chief of staff wanted a fine sandwich with the sandwich under the fine chief of staff in the delicious chief of staff on every pickled delicious president on a sandwich under a president with the floor on a pickle under the sandwich ! 
every pickled delicious chief of staff kissed the chief of staff . 
a president wanted a president on every delicious delicious chief of staff . 
a sandwich ate the perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that every chief of staff understood the pickled pickle ? 
the fine fine delicious chief of staff with the president on the pickled sandwich ate a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the fine perplexed delicious perplexed pickled pickle ? 
a sandwich wanted every perplexed floor in a floor . 
is it true that every president wanted the perplexed fine pickled perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff ate every pickle ? 
is it true that every perplexed pickle ate a floor ? 
is it true that the president wanted the delicious president ? 
every chief of staff wanted the pickle ! 
a fine floor understood the perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor wanted a delicious perplexed fine chief of staff with a sandwich ? 
the chief of staff in a perplexed sandwich understood every chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine president kissed the floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that every president wanted the delicious floor ? 
the chief of staff understood a pickle ! 
a pickled fine floor wanted every chief of staff ! 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed the delicious chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff in the chief of staff in the floor ! 
is it true that the delicious delicious delicious president wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that the president on a sandwich with a pickled pickled pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff under a sandwich on the sandwich with the sandwich on a sandwich kissed the floor ? 
a pickle under the floor under a sandwich kissed a perplexed sandwich under the fine pickle ! 
the pickle kissed the delicious sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff on the fine president with the pickle on a pickle with the chief of staff in the fine pickled sandwich with a pickled president with a floor with the fine delicious president in the floor ! 
every fine president understood the sandwich ! 
a perplexed sandwich wanted a delicious chief of staff . 
every delicious pickle kissed the chief of staff with the pickle . 
every pickle ate every perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickle ate the sandwich with a perplexed fine perplexed fine pickled president under the president ? 
the perplexed fine chief of staff with every pickled fine delicious floor under the floor on the pickled pickled floor on the chief of staff understood the delicious pickle . 
a floor understood the floor on the floor on a president in the sandwich with a delicious pickle under the perplexed perplexed delicious fine pickled pickle in the pickled pickle with the floor ! 
every fine president on the chief of staff wanted a pickled delicious chief of staff under the pickle under every pickled perplexed fine pickle in the sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor wanted every sandwich ? 
the perplexed delicious president kissed the chief of staff ! 
the fine fine chief of staff understood every floor under a perplexed fine pickled sandwich ! 
the pickled president pickled the sandwich in a floor in the perplexed floor . 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich with a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle understood the sandwich under the floor ? 
a pickle ate the president in the chief of staff . 
the sandwich kissed a perplexed sandwich with the perplexed president . 
the perplexed fine delicious president kissed a chief of staff ! 
every sandwich ate the pickle under the perplexed pickle in a sandwich ! 
a perplexed fine floor in the pickle in the fine president in a pickle on the perplexed pickle on the chief of staff on every sandwich wanted the fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious fine floor kissed the floor on the president ? 
a pickled delicious perplexed fine delicious floor kissed the pickle with every fine pickled floor under the perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the pickled delicious delicious pickled chief of staff with the fine floor under the fine floor with the pickle kissed the president ! 
is it true that the president in the pickled floor pickled a chief of staff ? 
the pickled floor understood a delicious fine perplexed fine floor ! 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled president wanted a fine delicious fine pickle in a sandwich under the sandwich ? 
the floor pickled a pickled pickle . 
is it true that the pickle in a pickle with every fine president under every pickled fine pickled delicious delicious president wanted a delicious president ? 
a pickled chief of staff with every fine delicious pickle under the fine president on every floor under a chief of staff on the sandwich in every sandwich on a fine fine sandwich on the floor on the delicious pickled fine president understood a pickled president . 
a pickle under a fine floor with the president on the sandwich under a floor on a president in every delicious sandwich wanted every chief of staff with every sandwich under a floor under the delicious chief of staff in the floor with the perplexed sandwich . 
the pickle ate the floor ! 
is it true that the floor ate a delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted the pickle on the president ? 
is it true that every pickled pickled pickle in a pickled sandwich with the delicious floor understood the pickle ? 
the pickled floor ate a delicious delicious delicious delicious sandwich with a sandwich on the pickled delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed fine fine pickled sandwich ate a fine president ? 
is it true that the perplexed floor ate the fine fine fine sandwich ? 
the chief of staff in a president with every pickle wanted the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickled perplexed president ? 
a delicious floor on a president under the pickled delicious perplexed president on a delicious fine floor with every president in the chief of staff kissed the pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the floor ? 
the pickle in every fine president under the delicious pickle under the sandwich with the perplexed president with a pickle in the president on the president ate a pickled fine pickled sandwich . 
a delicious perplexed delicious fine chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
a delicious floor wanted a president in the pickle . 
a perplexed fine delicious sandwich kissed the fine floor under the perplexed sandwich with the delicious perplexed president on the pickle on the sandwich in a sandwich under every chief of staff . 
a fine pickled perplexed floor understood every perplexed fine floor on the perplexed sandwich on a delicious fine floor on a sandwich on the chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff with the delicious delicious pickle in the pickled floor on a pickle under the chief of staff on a chief of staff with the chief of staff in the fine perplexed pickle with the perplexed pickle under every chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich with a president on every president ! 
is it true that a pickled floor understood every chief of staff ? 
a president with the fine pickled sandwich kissed the perplexed delicious pickle . 
every sandwich understood every sandwich in the pickled delicious pickled pickle on a fine sandwich on a pickle under the pickled floor ! 
is it true that every president ate every fine pickled president ? 
the fine fine fine fine floor kissed a president ! 
is it true that a perplexed pickled delicious floor ate the president ? 
every floor under every president ate every perplexed floor . 
a delicious chief of staff in every sandwich in a pickle under the pickle in the floor on the sandwich under a delicious perplexed chief of staff with the fine floor kissed a floor in the sandwich ! 
the perplexed sandwich understood every sandwich ! 
the delicious fine pickle kissed every delicious fine fine pickle ! 
is it true that a fine chief of staff understood the pickle ? 
the sandwich kissed the delicious sandwich ! 
the fine fine pickled chief of staff wanted every chief of staff in a pickled chief of staff under a perplexed chief of staff ! 
the president ate every pickle . 
is it true that every pickle under a chief of staff in the perplexed president under the perplexed fine president under every delicious floor on every sandwich under the delicious president in the president with the president wanted every chief of staff ? 
a delicious delicious delicious sandwich understood a sandwich with every perplexed fine floor on the pickle on the fine floor under every fine sandwich . 
a floor understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that every pickle ate a sandwich under the perplexed pickled floor with the fine pickle ? 
is it true that the fine delicious floor ate the fine floor in every sandwich on the chief of staff ? 
a sandwich wanted a fine floor on the president in every pickled delicious floor under the pickled pickled chief of staff in the president on the pickled delicious delicious president on a sandwich in a floor under the pickle on the pickle . 
the pickled pickled sandwich wanted a sandwich ! 
is it true that a delicious sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that every president in the delicious pickle understood the president ? 
is it true that the pickled president ate a delicious delicious fine fine delicious sandwich ? 
a chief of staff kissed the pickled perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the chief of staff on the pickle ? 
is it true that a fine fine floor on the perplexed president with the chief of staff understood every perplexed fine president ? 
is it true that a pickled sandwich pickled every pickled delicious delicious president ? 
the president ate the pickle . 
a chief of staff in the pickle wanted every floor ! 
the president kissed a pickled pickled fine perplexed sandwich . 
a pickle in a pickled pickle understood the floor . 
is it true that the delicious fine chief of staff ate a president ? 
is it true that the pickled fine pickle understood the pickled pickled pickled floor ? 
every chief of staff understood a floor . 
a perplexed perplexed delicious pickle wanted a perplexed fine president in the floor ! 
a pickled perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed sandwich on a sandwich with a pickled perplexed fine fine delicious pickle understood the floor . 
the pickle understood every perplexed pickled pickled pickled delicious sandwich with the pickle ! 
the president ate the pickle . 
a chief of staff wanted the perplexed chief of staff with the pickle . 
every pickled president ate a fine pickle ! 
every president understood a fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff under every delicious president on the pickle on every president with the president on the delicious floor in a chief of staff on a floor with the president ate a delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president with the sandwich wanted a delicious pickled pickled sandwich ? 
the president under the fine perplexed fine delicious sandwich under a fine fine pickle understood a perplexed floor . 
the fine delicious pickled perplexed fine pickled pickle understood the perplexed delicious perplexed president on the sandwich ! 
a floor with the pickle with a sandwich wanted every perplexed chief of staff under a fine fine president with the sandwich with the president in a president . 
a perplexed president understood the president . 
a president understood the president . 
every perplexed sandwich with the delicious pickled pickled pickled sandwich wanted the fine floor in the president . 
a fine perplexed floor wanted a pickled perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the president with a fine delicious floor in the perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich in a pickled president on every president with the fine pickled chief of staff with a president with a pickled pickle kissed the pickled chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff ate the pickle . 
is it true that the floor on a sandwich on the sandwich kissed a pickle ? 
the floor with a floor under the delicious pickled perplexed sandwich kissed the delicious perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that the president ate the sandwich on the chief of staff in the sandwich on the pickled president ? 
the delicious floor understood every floor ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted the fine perplexed floor ? 
is it true that every fine perplexed delicious president on the perplexed fine sandwich on every pickled pickle kissed every chief of staff ? 
every delicious pickled fine delicious fine perplexed delicious fine perplexed chief of staff understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that the president kissed a floor ? 
every delicious pickled delicious delicious delicious pickle wanted the perplexed pickle on the perplexed fine floor with the president under a floor on a pickle in a fine chief of staff with the pickle on the president under a chief of staff with a floor in the president . 
every floor pickled every fine pickled pickle on the sandwich with a perplexed perplexed pickled fine sandwich with the pickle ! 
is it true that a floor understood a president ? 
the pickle understood the delicious president in every floor with every pickled floor ! 
is it true that every president wanted the president ? 
is it true that the pickled pickle with a floor on the perplexed floor on the delicious pickle wanted a chief of staff ? 
every delicious delicious fine pickled pickle understood the pickled chief of staff ! 
a pickled chief of staff kissed a president . 
is it true that the sandwich kissed every perplexed sandwich ? 
every president with every pickle understood every chief of staff under a fine pickle ! 
a floor kissed the chief of staff with a perplexed pickle in every sandwich under the chief of staff in the fine perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff in a pickled floor with the pickle on a fine floor with the perplexed pickle in the delicious floor on a sandwich with a fine president with the floor ! 
the pickled pickled president kissed a sandwich with the pickled president with the pickle on a chief of staff . 
is it true that every perplexed president with a president wanted the pickle ? 
every pickle understood every president . 
is it true that the president in every sandwich on a pickled chief of staff understood the pickle on the delicious sandwich ? 
the floor understood the pickled president . 
the pickle understood the sandwich . 
the pickled delicious pickled chief of staff in the perplexed pickled fine fine chief of staff on a floor on a floor on a perplexed fine chief of staff in every chief of staff with the pickled fine fine president with a pickled floor understood every pickle under the pickle . 
every floor understood the fine sandwich with every floor with a sandwich in the perplexed sandwich ! 
the president on the fine sandwich with every fine sandwich ate the pickle on a chief of staff ! 
the fine pickle ate the chief of staff . 
the pickled chief of staff with the fine perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that a president with a pickle on the sandwich ate a floor ? 
a president under the president wanted the chief of staff with every perplexed president with every pickled sandwich on the pickle with the sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle under the pickle understood every chief of staff with a president ? 
a perplexed floor on the pickle under the pickled floor in a delicious chief of staff in the president wanted the president in every floor ! 
is it true that every pickle kissed the chief of staff with the sandwich on the fine pickled delicious pickled fine pickle on a fine delicious sandwich ? 
the pickled delicious president on a sandwich on the perplexed president in the pickle under the floor under a president on the pickle on the pickled president with the sandwich in a floor in a perplexed perplexed president on a delicious fine president under the pickled fine delicious president ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that a president kissed a fine pickled perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a fine floor in a president with a sandwich ? 
the sandwich wanted every president . 
is it true that a pickle ate the sandwich ? 
the pickle kissed a president ! 
the perplexed perplexed sandwich ate a chief of staff . 
a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff ate the pickle ! 
the president on the sandwich on the chief of staff with the floor in every pickle on every fine sandwich under the floor kissed the pickle ! 
the perplexed sandwich with the delicious president with the fine pickled delicious sandwich in a pickled floor on the president ate a pickled delicious chief of staff . 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ! 
the floor ate a delicious chief of staff ! 
the floor pickled the sandwich under a floor under a fine perplexed sandwich ! 
a president ate the president . 
every pickle in the pickle kissed every pickled sandwich . 
the pickle ate a chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that every president on the sandwich ate the delicious president ? 
is it true that a pickle ate the president in a pickle with every fine fine pickled chief of staff with every pickled chief of staff on the sandwich in the fine president ? 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff ate a sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff under every president on the chief of staff under the sandwich on a floor in the president with the fine perplexed pickle kissed a floor under every fine fine chief of staff ? 
every fine chief of staff wanted the fine delicious chief of staff ! 
a pickle in every president kissed the chief of staff . 
the president wanted a pickle with a chief of staff with a president ! 
a chief of staff kissed the pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
the pickled sandwich in a delicious pickle on the pickle kissed the pickled floor . 
is it true that a sandwich with the perplexed pickled chief of staff understood a pickle ? 
every delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff under a fine perplexed perplexed delicious floor understood the pickled delicious fine sandwich on the chief of staff with the pickled president in the pickle in the fine president under a delicious president under the sandwich on every fine sandwich in every pickled pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff . 
every chief of staff ate a chief of staff on the pickled sandwich with the delicious pickled delicious fine pickled delicious pickled president . 
a sandwich wanted a sandwich with the fine pickled delicious perplexed delicious perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the fine perplexed floor ? 
a fine floor kissed the pickled president . 
the sandwich kissed the fine floor ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? 
the pickled delicious fine pickle understood a floor in the pickle ! 
the pickled fine pickle understood a pickled president ! 
the sandwich on the pickled pickled sandwich ate a perplexed chief of staff under every chief of staff in every chief of staff . 
the pickle in the sandwich wanted every pickled pickled president . 
a delicious pickled chief of staff wanted a perplexed delicious sandwich with the chief of staff . 
the perplexed pickle under the floor understood every pickled perplexed floor . 
is it true that the president understood the chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff kissed the perplexed fine chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff with the floor in the perplexed pickle . 
the pickle wanted the floor in the chief of staff . 
is it true that every delicious perplexed delicious president ate the sandwich ? 
a sandwich kissed the president ! 
a president understood every floor ! 
the delicious fine chief of staff understood every perplexed fine pickled perplexed sandwich on every delicious fine president with the perplexed chief of staff with every delicious pickle with a floor on a perplexed president . 
the sandwich wanted the sandwich in the floor . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the president in the delicious sandwich with the perplexed fine president in the pickle under the pickle under every chief of staff ? 
a floor understood a pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the president in a president in the pickled fine president in the chief of staff under a pickled president kissed a fine chief of staff in every fine pickled floor in every delicious president on the president in the pickled delicious pickled pickled sandwich with the president ? 
the chief of staff in the president kissed a perplexed chief of staff ! 
the pickle ate the president . 
a chief of staff wanted a president ! 
the sandwich on the pickle on the pickled perplexed sandwich with a pickle kissed a chief of staff . 
a pickled president ate the floor . 
the chief of staff kissed a floor with the delicious chief of staff with a pickled floor in every perplexed chief of staff with the president . 
is it true that a chief of staff with every president on a chief of staff under the floor understood the fine pickle ? 
every fine president ate the floor with the pickle under a floor ! 
is it true that every sandwich kissed a fine perplexed floor ? 
a sandwich in the fine sandwich in the pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
the floor ate the pickled pickle under a delicious perplexed floor . 
the chief of staff ate every pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the pickled president kissed the fine fine chief of staff with a pickled perplexed pickled sandwich under a delicious delicious pickled delicious president . 
the delicious sandwich understood the sandwich . 
the delicious perplexed president ate a delicious perplexed fine chief of staff in the sandwich in a fine delicious chief of staff under every pickle with a pickle under the delicious sandwich in the delicious president with a delicious delicious chief of staff under the perplexed pickle in every sandwich on the perplexed pickle ! 
every chief of staff under every delicious sandwich on the pickled fine floor in a sandwich with a sandwich ate every perplexed delicious fine perplexed president with a delicious sandwich on the floor ! 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
every delicious perplexed chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff on a pickled chief of staff on the delicious president ate the fine sandwich . 
the president on a delicious perplexed sandwich in the delicious sandwich wanted the sandwich ! 
the fine chief of staff under the fine fine president under a pickle pickled the chief of staff . 
the delicious sandwich kissed a floor . 
a pickled fine delicious floor with the pickled perplexed floor wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich on a fine floor under a chief of staff ate the fine delicious president ? 
a sandwich understood the president ! 
the sandwich wanted every chief of staff with every floor under the floor in the chief of staff ! 
a pickle under the floor pickled the perplexed chief of staff ! 
a president kissed the pickled pickled pickled floor ! 
the pickle pickled every fine perplexed fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
every pickle wanted the pickle on the sandwich with a perplexed delicious floor with a pickle in every fine president with every delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff with every sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a pickled fine sandwich ? 
the sandwich on a president with the sandwich ate every sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff in the president with a president under every sandwich with the chief of staff ate a pickled pickled fine pickled sandwich ? 
every president kissed the president ! 
is it true that every chief of staff in the pickled pickle in a delicious floor under the president in the perplexed president on a fine floor under the chief of staff with a floor in the delicious president understood a president ? 
the pickle wanted the sandwich on a delicious delicious delicious pickle with the floor on a perplexed pickled delicious sandwich . 
the delicious chief of staff understood the fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich under a chief of staff ate every perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff ? 
every sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle under the pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a fine pickled floor in a delicious delicious chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed floor under the floor in the perplexed president in the president in a delicious floor kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that every sandwich ate a fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a perplexed floor understood the floor ? 
every pickled president wanted the delicious floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a pickled pickled fine delicious chief of staff ? 
the delicious fine president under every pickled delicious pickle understood a fine perplexed pickled floor with a floor ! 
the pickled sandwich kissed every pickled fine pickle . 
the fine pickle understood the pickled sandwich ! 
the fine pickled president in a sandwich kissed the sandwich . 
the floor ate a pickled delicious perplexed pickled president ! 
a perplexed delicious floor wanted every fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor ate the fine pickle ? 
a sandwich understood every fine chief of staff ! 
the floor understood a fine sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed delicious president ate a perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a president ? 
is it true that a pickle wanted the floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich ate a president ? 
the fine floor ate the perplexed delicious delicious fine chief of staff ! 
a delicious fine delicious delicious fine delicious fine floor in every perplexed president ate every delicious president . 
the president ate the perplexed floor . 
the delicious pickled delicious pickle kissed a perplexed president in the fine sandwich in the perplexed delicious perplexed floor in a sandwich under the perplexed pickle in a chief of staff under the pickle on a pickle ! 
the pickled perplexed president kissed the pickled chief of staff on every pickle on a perplexed fine fine pickled perplexed president . 
every fine delicious chief of staff wanted every delicious floor under the chief of staff under the sandwich in the perplexed perplexed sandwich in the sandwich on the fine president on the sandwich under every floor ! 
the sandwich wanted the perplexed chief of staff . 
a pickle under a fine chief of staff on a perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? 
every delicious pickle on a sandwich ate every chief of staff in the chief of staff on a fine sandwich . 
every pickled president under the pickle wanted a pickled floor ! 
a pickled president kissed every chief of staff . 
a fine delicious perplexed president understood a pickled chief of staff in the pickled delicious delicious pickle in the president on the fine fine pickle under the floor ! 
the delicious floor wanted a fine fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the pickled sandwich under the floor with the perplexed fine chief of staff in a pickle on every pickle in the chief of staff under the pickled floor ? 
a pickle with the pickled president under the president wanted a chief of staff . 
a president ate a delicious pickle ! 
a president with the pickled pickled sandwich in the president in a pickled floor ate a floor ! 
a delicious perplexed sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious pickle with every floor with the chief of staff in a sandwich kissed a sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich in every perplexed pickle kissed the chief of staff in every president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff in a sandwich with the pickled fine delicious sandwich ate the chief of staff ? 
the fine fine chief of staff wanted a delicious pickled fine delicious perplexed chief of staff . 
a pickled floor in the president ate the delicious floor ! 
a president on a perplexed perplexed pickled president under the pickle in the sandwich with the sandwich under the chief of staff in the fine delicious delicious sandwich on a delicious pickled chief of staff understood the pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled floor kissed the delicious perplexed president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff under the president in the delicious pickle understood every president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff under the chief of staff kissed every fine floor on every pickled president ? 
every fine sandwich with the pickled pickled sandwich in the chief of staff in a pickle wanted the floor . 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a pickled president in the delicious floor in a fine chief of staff in a president under the chief of staff on the pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff pickled a pickled pickled perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a pickled delicious fine pickled president understood the perplexed pickled delicious fine floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich in every fine perplexed delicious fine delicious chief of staff kissed a delicious perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
every sandwich under the delicious sandwich on the perplexed president understood a floor . 
the delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff ate the perplexed perplexed delicious fine president . 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickle in a fine pickled perplexed chief of staff on the fine pickled delicious perplexed fine floor with the president wanted a sandwich in a perplexed delicious pickled fine pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine pickled pickle in the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate every delicious floor ? 
the chief of staff ate the fine perplexed sandwich . 
a perplexed sandwich kissed the floor on the sandwich in the sandwich ! 
a perplexed pickled pickle wanted a fine sandwich under a fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the president ate a pickled chief of staff with a sandwich on the pickle in the delicious floor under the fine perplexed pickled perplexed pickled perplexed pickle under the delicious floor with a perplexed delicious pickle ? 
every sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! 
the fine fine pickled president with a sandwich on every floor under the fine fine pickle in the delicious fine sandwich on the fine pickle with every pickle in the chief of staff in a pickle kissed a delicious fine president . 
the floor ate the sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious delicious pickled perplexed president wanted the president ? 
a president with a sandwich wanted a pickle under the sandwich on the pickle in the pickle on the sandwich in the floor on a sandwich under a pickle . 
the pickle ate a fine sandwich ! 
the sandwich ate every pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich on a fine sandwich under a chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
the floor understood every fine floor with the chief of staff under a delicious delicious floor with the fine delicious chief of staff under a sandwich under a pickled chief of staff with the pickle in the president under a floor under the delicious president under a perplexed fine chief of staff under every perplexed president under a floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the floor ? 
is it true that the floor understood a perplexed pickled president ? 
is it true that a floor understood the pickled fine president ? 
the pickle wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious president pickled the floor ? 
is it true that a pickle understood a sandwich in every delicious pickled president in every delicious pickled president ? 
the pickled delicious chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed the delicious delicious sandwich ? 
a delicious floor kissed a fine president ! 
the pickle in the pickled pickle in a floor on the delicious pickle under the pickle with a sandwich wanted a delicious floor ! 
is it true that the floor on every delicious pickle in a fine delicious delicious pickle in a chief of staff on a delicious fine delicious pickled pickled chief of staff on the sandwich in a pickled delicious fine pickle under the pickled chief of staff under the perplexed fine chief of staff wanted the fine perplexed pickled perplexed president with a perplexed fine perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed floor understood every fine chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff kissed the delicious president . 
the pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff in the pickled sandwich on the sandwich ate the floor . 
is it true that every president kissed every delicious pickled delicious pickle ? 
the floor wanted a pickle . 
a chief of staff in the pickle under the perplexed president understood the chief of staff . 
every pickle understood every president ! 
every pickle kissed the sandwich ! 
the perplexed chief of staff understood the president with a delicious sandwich under the fine president ! 
every chief of staff ate a perplexed pickled president in every fine delicious pickled pickled president with a chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff kissed a delicious fine pickle on the delicious sandwich in the president . 
every chief of staff under a delicious fine pickle ate the floor . 
is it true that a sandwich under a floor on a fine chief of staff on the sandwich in a floor understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff kissed the delicious floor ? 
the sandwich on the perplexed fine fine president ate the sandwich on a pickled floor ! 
the delicious perplexed perplexed fine sandwich with a floor with the delicious fine perplexed fine sandwich kissed the pickled pickle ! 
every fine delicious sandwich understood the perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
every perplexed president wanted every sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed perplexed floor understood a perplexed pickled president ? 
a delicious fine pickled fine perplexed sandwich kissed the president ! 
the floor wanted the chief of staff ! 
a pickle understood a perplexed perplexed delicious floor ! 
the pickle on a pickle kissed every fine fine fine pickle . 
the floor understood the delicious fine delicious chief of staff with every pickled pickle ! 
the floor wanted every fine sandwich . 
a perplexed delicious president kissed a delicious chief of staff . 
the perplexed floor kissed the pickle ! 
a floor understood a pickle . 
the chief of staff ate the pickle ! 
every pickle on a pickled president ate a perplexed perplexed president ! 
a pickle kissed the sandwich . 
the fine floor wanted the delicious pickle . 
the floor kissed the fine delicious sandwich in the perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious fine sandwich . 
is it true that every sandwich on the delicious floor with a delicious delicious president pickled a delicious chief of staff ? 
a sandwich on the delicious chief of staff ate a perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff under the pickled chief of staff with the pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the president wanted a pickle with every pickled floor ? 
the fine floor wanted a fine chief of staff ! 
every sandwich with every floor with the perplexed fine president with a president understood the chief of staff . 
the pickle ate the pickle ! 
a fine floor with the floor under a chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor with the delicious pickle pickled every sandwich ? 
the perplexed pickled delicious floor kissed the pickle ! 
a fine pickled delicious pickled perplexed perplexed pickle ate a delicious delicious delicious sandwich . 
every floor ate the chief of staff . 
is it true that every floor in a perplexed president with a floor under a floor understood a fine pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich in a chief of staff wanted the president with a fine fine floor under the floor in a sandwich in every pickle on a pickle under the sandwich on a president under a delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff ? 
the floor wanted every president in the floor under the perplexed pickled perplexed fine floor with the fine fine perplexed president in the delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious pickled perplexed president in a chief of staff under every perplexed perplexed pickled fine president in the floor in the perplexed chief of staff in every floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle wanted a sandwich on a fine president ? 
the chief of staff wanted every delicious sandwich under the pickle . 
a president wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that a president on a perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood the chief of staff in the perplexed pickled chief of staff ? 
the sandwich with the delicious pickled floor on a perplexed pickle kissed every delicious perplexed president under the fine pickle in the fine president with every floor on every perplexed fine delicious pickle on the president under the fine perplexed delicious fine fine pickled pickled pickled perplexed fine perplexed floor on every fine floor . 
every pickled floor under a chief of staff on the president in the floor on a pickled sandwich with a delicious president under a sandwich on a delicious floor in a pickle ate the perplexed president on a floor with a floor on the president in a chief of staff . 
the floor wanted the delicious fine pickled fine pickled president ! 
a floor wanted the president . 
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich ! 
a delicious delicious delicious floor understood a pickled pickled floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich with a delicious floor ate the pickled pickle ? 
the floor in the president wanted the pickled pickled floor ! 
the delicious fine chief of staff with a president under every president under every floor wanted a pickle with the floor on the sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle understood every floor ? 
the president understood a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a president ate the sandwich ? 
a pickled perplexed pickle in the fine perplexed sandwich ate the fine delicious sandwich . 
a delicious chief of staff ate the delicious perplexed president under the delicious fine delicious perplexed floor with a fine sandwich . 
is it true that a floor on a president in a pickle under the chief of staff under the delicious president with a fine pickle in the chief of staff understood the delicious perplexed president ? 
is it true that every floor wanted every delicious floor ? 
is it true that a pickled fine delicious pickle on a president wanted every sandwich in the fine president under the pickle under the pickle with the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine sandwich wanted the fine pickled delicious delicious perplexed pickle under the floor ? 
the fine sandwich on the delicious pickle understood every pickle with the pickled pickled delicious fine fine floor on a chief of staff on every sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff on a delicious floor on a pickle with the pickle understood every pickle ? 
a floor under every fine chief of staff on the delicious chief of staff on the fine pickled floor with the delicious sandwich on a perplexed fine sandwich in the president on the perplexed pickled floor wanted a pickle . 
the floor ate a perplexed sandwich ! 
the floor understood a chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine delicious fine delicious president on the delicious president on the pickled pickled sandwich ate every president with a floor under a pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
a sandwich with the pickle on the pickle with the delicious sandwich understood every pickled pickled president on the floor on a fine pickled delicious pickled perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff with a delicious sandwich under a floor under the pickled president with the president under a chief of staff under the pickle under the pickled pickle under the president in every floor under every perplexed president on the president on the sandwich . 
the pickle understood the sandwich . 
the president under a fine delicious sandwich ate the pickled president . 
is it true that every president wanted the pickle ? 
a president understood every president ! 
every president wanted every pickled pickle ! 
a president kissed the pickle ! 
every president wanted the pickle under a delicious floor in the floor ! 
every floor kissed a chief of staff . 
a president pickled the president . 
the president wanted a president ! 
the chief of staff understood the chief of staff . 
every sandwich ate the sandwich with a sandwich in a pickled sandwich in the floor in every president with the president under the sandwich . 
a perplexed pickled floor wanted the delicious chief of staff with a pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the president with the pickle with the delicious pickled delicious pickle with every floor on the delicious sandwich on a delicious sandwich with a president ? 
every president under a pickle in the floor understood every pickled pickle under the floor in the floor . 
a chief of staff kissed every sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
the pickled pickle understood the chief of staff in a sandwich ! 
every chief of staff ate the perplexed sandwich . 
the floor wanted the delicious floor . 
the delicious floor ate every pickle ! 
the sandwich under the sandwich in the floor with a chief of staff in the fine sandwich in the sandwich on a sandwich on every sandwich pickled the president . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich ate the chief of staff ? 
every fine floor kissed a fine chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor understood a president ? 
a perplexed pickled president ate a chief of staff on the floor on a sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed floor on the pickled sandwich in a pickle understood a sandwich with the president on a perplexed perplexed sandwich under the delicious fine fine pickle under the pickled floor with a sandwich under the pickled floor in a chief of staff on a perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich under every sandwich under the sandwich ? 
the pickled floor wanted the fine fine fine president ! 
the pickle understood a floor ! 
the sandwich ate the sandwich . 
every fine sandwich with the fine delicious pickled sandwich in the perplexed pickle in a delicious sandwich with the sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle ate every pickled president ? 
a pickle under the pickle understood a pickled sandwich under every fine floor ! 
the delicious president wanted the delicious pickled pickled president ! 
is it true that the president kissed the chief of staff ? 
a president kissed the president in every chief of staff in every delicious chief of staff ! 
the delicious sandwich kissed the fine sandwich in the chief of staff under the delicious delicious fine chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff ate the pickle on a floor ! 
the perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich ate every president . 
every delicious pickle wanted the floor ! 
the fine pickle understood the delicious pickle . 
the fine perplexed perplexed pickle kissed the pickle with a fine floor . 
a sandwich with the pickled pickled pickled sandwich pickled a president on the fine delicious delicious delicious president ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a pickled pickled fine pickle with a sandwich ? 
a pickled sandwich under a perplexed perplexed president kissed the perplexed chief of staff ! 
the president ate the pickled sandwich ! 
a floor on the president in the fine chief of staff in a delicious perplexed president wanted the delicious sandwich ! 
the chief of staff wanted the fine perplexed floor on the delicious perplexed fine pickle on the pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the president understood the chief of staff ? 
a floor kissed a pickled delicious sandwich in the perplexed floor in the president ! 
is it true that the floor ate every floor ? 
is it true that the delicious president wanted the floor on a fine president ? 
the delicious pickled pickled perplexed sandwich on the pickle understood the pickled perplexed fine floor on the fine fine floor with the delicious president ! 
every perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff in the delicious chief of staff on every chief of staff with every perplexed delicious pickle with the delicious president with the floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood a pickled president ? 
is it true that every chief of staff with the chief of staff ate every sandwich ? 
the president understood the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed fine delicious pickled pickle under a fine pickle . 
the perplexed perplexed fine floor understood a delicious president under a pickle . 
the fine perplexed perplexed pickled president kissed a sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed fine sandwich kissed the perplexed fine floor ? 
the sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle in a sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious fine floor ate the delicious president in a chief of staff ? 
the fine chief of staff with the pickled pickle on a floor on the pickle with the chief of staff on a delicious delicious president under every fine chief of staff wanted every pickle on a pickled perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a floor understood every fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious pickle under the fine president pickled every president under the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president ate a sandwich under a delicious delicious fine chief of staff on a pickled delicious delicious pickle on a perplexed floor with the president in the delicious president on the pickled pickle under the fine president under a president in every president under the sandwich in the perplexed president on a delicious floor under the sandwich with every pickled president under the perplexed delicious floor under every pickle in a perplexed chief of staff under the president on a floor under a sandwich on the sandwich on the sandwich with a delicious pickle in every chief of staff ? 
the pickled sandwich wanted a floor ! 
the fine delicious pickled pickle wanted the pickle in every fine president in the floor with the floor on the chief of staff on the floor under every fine chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled pickle with the sandwich wanted the pickled perplexed perplexed pickled floor ? 
a delicious fine chief of staff under every pickled fine pickle on the delicious floor understood a floor with the sandwich on a chief of staff with a floor on every president on the fine sandwich under a pickle with the president under a pickle on a delicious pickled perplexed floor with the president . 
the floor ate the president ! 
is it true that every fine floor ate a sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted the fine fine pickled pickle ! 
is it true that a perplexed delicious delicious delicious chief of staff ate the fine delicious sandwich ? 
a fine delicious pickled floor understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickle under the president under a pickle with the delicious sandwich on a president with every perplexed floor kissed a fine sandwich on the chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff in the pickle in the floor in the perplexed fine president ? 
a pickled pickle kissed the pickled floor ! 
the pickled pickle ate every pickled sandwich ! 
a delicious chief of staff wanted the pickled perplexed president . 
is it true that a chief of staff with the chief of staff in every delicious chief of staff ate every fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious president on the chief of staff under a floor pickled every pickled pickle ? 
a delicious floor under the chief of staff in a chief of staff with the perplexed sandwich with the delicious pickle on every chief of staff ate a fine perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate a pickled chief of staff ? 
a floor wanted the chief of staff . 
the delicious perplexed pickled pickled fine floor understood a chief of staff under every chief of staff . 
a delicious perplexed floor under every floor on every chief of staff under a president on a president ate every delicious sandwich . 
every pickled sandwich on every pickled floor understood a sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle wanted the pickled delicious president ? 
is it true that every pickled fine pickled sandwich kissed the fine pickled floor ? 
the president understood the fine pickled pickled pickle . 
is it true that a pickle in a sandwich with the chief of staff under every delicious perplexed chief of staff in the perplexed perplexed pickled president with the sandwich in every perplexed president kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich under a floor understood the chief of staff in a floor with every sandwich ? 
a fine chief of staff ate the president . 
is it true that every sandwich in the chief of staff under a fine pickle with every president on the floor on the delicious floor with the fine pickled fine fine perplexed president in a fine president on the president under the chief of staff ate the pickled perplexed sandwich on a delicious delicious president ? 
a chief of staff in a pickle under the delicious sandwich on the chief of staff kissed the fine pickle with a chief of staff under the sandwich ! 
a pickle kissed a sandwich ! 
the pickled perplexed fine perplexed floor with a delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted the perplexed delicious floor in every perplexed chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted every delicious delicious sandwich ! 
the chief of staff kissed a delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickle on the delicious perplexed pickled president . 
a sandwich ate a floor . 
a pickled pickle wanted the chief of staff . 
the pickle kissed a delicious fine pickle ! 
the pickle kissed a pickle . 
every fine chief of staff ate a chief of staff under a sandwich under a fine delicious chief of staff under a president in the president with a sandwich on a pickle with every fine pickled president under the sandwich in the fine fine perplexed fine delicious pickled chief of staff in the floor on a sandwich . 
a chief of staff wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed sandwich wanted every chief of staff in a sandwich under a delicious floor with the president with every chief of staff on a chief of staff ? 
is it true that every perplexed president under the perplexed president under a pickled perplexed president on the fine chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff in every pickle under a pickled pickle on a floor with the chief of staff on the delicious floor in the fine floor on a pickle in a floor on a president on a chief of staff in a president with a pickle wanted a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff in the fine sandwich on a sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich understood the floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed fine president wanted a pickle ? 
the delicious pickled president ate a chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled pickle with the pickle with the chief of staff kissed a pickled pickled fine fine sandwich ? 
the floor ate the pickled floor in the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed a president with the sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine floor kissed a pickled president ? 
the pickled president ate a sandwich . 
the delicious sandwich understood a pickled fine pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich under a president with the sandwich in the pickled pickle ate the pickle with a chief of staff ? 
a sandwich kissed the fine pickle ! 
a chief of staff in the fine chief of staff ate the fine perplexed president ! 
a delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff with a perplexed floor ate a pickle . 
a president ate the chief of staff on a president . 
is it true that a pickle kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the floor understood a chief of staff ? 
the sandwich under a president under a president kissed the perplexed delicious fine pickled fine floor . 
every perplexed floor understood the fine pickled floor . 
every sandwich understood a perplexed floor . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the president under the perplexed president ? 
the fine president understood the perplexed sandwich in the sandwich . 
the pickled pickle understood a sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich ate the perplexed chief of staff in the floor with the fine floor ? 
the sandwich on the floor understood a floor in the perplexed floor with a pickled sandwich under every pickled pickle on a sandwich . 
is it true that every perplexed pickled floor ate every pickle ? 
every delicious sandwich ate every pickle under a sandwich under the pickle in a pickle . 
the sandwich kissed the president . 
the pickled perplexed pickle in the president understood the delicious chief of staff . 
the fine pickled pickled pickle understood a president ! 
the pickled pickle wanted the pickled floor in the delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff in a pickled pickle under a fine chief of staff in the pickle under the chief of staff with a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a floor ? 
the perplexed floor ate a fine sandwich ! 
a pickle understood the pickle under the floor ! 
is it true that a delicious sandwich under a delicious pickle under every chief of staff in every fine floor under a fine delicious pickle ate the perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that every president under the pickle on the president under the pickled pickled pickled floor under the pickle with a fine perplexed president under the fine delicious delicious floor in a president kissed a floor ? 
a fine pickled fine fine delicious sandwich on every delicious perplexed pickle with the floor wanted every sandwich ! 
a fine floor ate a floor in the perplexed floor . 
is it true that a delicious pickled floor ate a fine pickled pickle ? 
every president wanted every perplexed sandwich ! 
every fine president under the president pickled the sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood every fine fine fine chief of staff ? 
a perplexed perplexed president with the delicious perplexed fine chief of staff in the pickled pickled pickle on every perplexed president under every fine president under a fine president in every fine delicious floor on the chief of staff wanted every fine floor under every fine delicious delicious fine fine president . 
a fine fine sandwich on every chief of staff under the sandwich ate every president ! 
is it true that the pickled fine chief of staff understood a president under every sandwich ? 
the president kissed the pickle with the floor with the sandwich . 
every pickle ate the pickle ! 
is it true that a chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich understood the chief of staff ? 
the perplexed floor ate the floor with the chief of staff with a floor under the perplexed floor with every delicious fine fine perplexed president in the chief of staff ! 
the perplexed delicious fine chief of staff wanted a president ! 
a delicious pickled perplexed fine pickle under a president in the chief of staff understood the sandwich under the sandwich . 
is it true that a floor kissed every perplexed president ? 
a sandwich understood a pickle ! 
the floor with the delicious floor on the fine delicious sandwich with the chief of staff under the chief of staff under a floor in the sandwich ate a sandwich . 
the president understood a perplexed fine floor . 
every fine president ate a chief of staff ! 
the president ate the president ! 
the president under a pickle with a pickled sandwich ate every floor . 
a sandwich under the pickled fine delicious chief of staff wanted the floor . 
is it true that the fine president under the sandwich in the president ate every chief of staff on every delicious president ? 
the pickled floor on the pickle kissed the pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickle understood the president in the delicious delicious delicious sandwich in the floor on every fine chief of staff with the pickled president in the chief of staff with the sandwich with the delicious delicious floor under a fine delicious fine perplexed president under a president on a fine pickle on the pickled floor on every chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a president ? 
a perplexed president on every fine pickled delicious perplexed floor in the delicious chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
every perplexed fine delicious fine floor in the sandwich in a floor understood every president under the fine pickled president ! 
the pickle understood the perplexed delicious floor in the perplexed floor ! 
a perplexed floor wanted the pickled perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed fine pickled pickle ate every pickled fine delicious perplexed sandwich under every fine delicious perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious pickle kissed the sandwich with the sandwich with a sandwich ? 
the pickle in a pickle with a fine sandwich on a fine pickled floor understood every delicious pickled sandwich . 
a floor wanted a delicious sandwich . 
a perplexed pickle pickled a perplexed floor in every delicious president on the sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor ate the pickle under a sandwich ? 
the sandwich kissed the delicious president . 
is it true that the sandwich under the chief of staff with the president wanted every president with a sandwich ? 
a pickled pickle kissed every president ! 
a delicious chief of staff understood the pickled floor on a pickle in a delicious delicious pickle with a sandwich in the fine fine delicious pickle on the fine perplexed delicious sandwich on the chief of staff on a pickle with a perplexed president with the pickled president with a fine perplexed perplexed sandwich under the floor . 
is it true that the fine chief of staff ate every pickled perplexed perplexed president ? 
the pickle kissed the president ! 
is it true that the fine floor under every pickled pickle understood a sandwich ? 
a floor ate a fine perplexed sandwich with the president . 
a president in a fine delicious chief of staff kissed every president . 
the chief of staff under the pickle ate the floor with every pickled sandwich . 
every perplexed chief of staff ate the fine pickled delicious president under a delicious floor ! 
a floor understood the pickled pickled fine fine pickle with the floor with the president on every president . 
the floor wanted the floor on the sandwich . 
the fine sandwich ate the perplexed floor . 
is it true that the pickle on the floor with a perplexed sandwich wanted a pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the pickle ? 
the delicious perplexed president ate a pickled perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed delicious delicious pickle understood every delicious perplexed president on the perplexed delicious floor on the delicious president ? 
a delicious delicious floor in the sandwich with a pickled floor with the chief of staff under the delicious delicious president kissed every delicious fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that every delicious delicious chief of staff kissed a sandwich ? 
a delicious sandwich kissed every floor in every sandwich . 
the pickle pickled the chief of staff ! 
the floor ate every pickle with the fine delicious delicious pickle on every sandwich with a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff ate the floor ? 
a sandwich wanted a floor . 
a fine pickle kissed a delicious chief of staff in the fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the president ate a president ? 
every president understood a floor on the floor in every sandwich . 
the fine president under the pickle on the perplexed fine sandwich in a pickled perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich under a pickled pickle on a perplexed chief of staff under the fine perplexed fine president with the pickled perplexed sandwich in a president on a delicious delicious fine floor with the perplexed pickle in every chief of staff under every president under the pickled delicious delicious perplexed pickle in every delicious perplexed pickle in the sandwich in every fine floor in every perplexed president under the delicious sandwich with a floor with the floor under the president on every president understood the delicious president ! 
every chief of staff ate the president under the chief of staff ! 
every president wanted a fine perplexed pickled president . 
every pickle with a floor under the floor under every perplexed perplexed pickle understood the delicious pickle . 
the pickle with a delicious pickled chief of staff with the pickled pickled chief of staff wanted the fine perplexed chief of staff in a delicious pickle under a sandwich on the president ! 
the floor in the delicious chief of staff ate every sandwich ! 
is it true that the president kissed the delicious pickled president ? 
the delicious sandwich understood the delicious pickled sandwich on the pickle on a perplexed chief of staff in a sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff ate every delicious chief of staff on a sandwich ? 
every fine floor under the fine fine pickled fine fine pickle wanted every pickle in a floor on a pickle ! 
is it true that every perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the sandwich in a delicious delicious sandwich on the sandwich with the perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
the chief of staff on a fine pickle wanted a chief of staff ! 
a pickled president understood every delicious fine floor . 
a perplexed president wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle in the pickled fine president with a chief of staff on the pickle on the president in the fine president under the president wanted the floor ? 
a floor under the sandwich on the chief of staff kissed every fine pickled chief of staff ! 
the president understood the president . 
is it true that a president under the fine delicious delicious sandwich under the floor under a perplexed delicious chief of staff on a perplexed chief of staff ate a pickle under the floor in a sandwich ? 
the pickle in the delicious floor in the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff in the pickled sandwich under the floor . 
is it true that a delicious pickled pickled president ate a president under a perplexed president ? 
is it true that a perplexed fine floor kissed the president ? 
a president ate the sandwich ! 
every pickle kissed a pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the floor kissed every floor ? 
the president kissed every pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious pickle under a president understood every pickled delicious perplexed perplexed pickled floor ? 
is it true that the pickled president on a sandwich wanted the president with the sandwich ? 
is it true that a president ate the pickle ? 
the sandwich with a delicious chief of staff wanted a pickle with a perplexed perplexed fine president ! 
is it true that the fine chief of staff understood the president ? 
every fine floor understood the floor in every floor ! 
is it true that the president understood every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious perplexed pickle in a pickle with a pickle under the floor in every fine pickled sandwich with the delicious president with a pickle in the pickle on a pickle under the president under a perplexed perplexed pickled pickle kissed the floor on the delicious chief of staff ? 
the fine delicious fine delicious sandwich wanted a sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine fine pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff understood the pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a fine floor ? 
a chief of staff ate the president ! 
the president understood the floor . 
the pickle kissed every floor ! 
a chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
the president in a delicious fine pickled sandwich with the sandwich understood the pickle ! 
the chief of staff ate a pickled floor in every president in the chief of staff . 
the floor in the sandwich wanted every pickled sandwich ! 
the delicious sandwich kissed every fine perplexed president . 
is it true that the fine pickled sandwich in every perplexed delicious pickle under a perplexed president under a sandwich in every sandwich on the president ate every pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle on the delicious delicious perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich ? 
every floor wanted a pickle on a president . 
the pickled floor wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled delicious fine chief of staff wanted every delicious perplexed floor with the perplexed sandwich under a pickled floor with every sandwich on a sandwich ? 
the floor wanted a pickled floor ! 
is it true that the fine fine fine pickle with a fine perplexed chief of staff in the pickle understood the pickled pickle ? 
the chief of staff understood a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
the pickled delicious chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! 
every pickle wanted the sandwich . 
every pickle kissed the perplexed chief of staff ! 
a fine pickle understood the delicious floor ! 
is it true that every perplexed president pickled the sandwich ? 
the sandwich ate the floor in a pickled fine sandwich . 
a fine delicious president ate the sandwich under every pickle on a fine president in the chief of staff ! 
the perplexed chief of staff understood every fine fine president . 
is it true that a fine delicious pickle on a pickle in the sandwich kissed a floor in a pickle with the floor with the fine floor on the pickled floor in a delicious delicious pickled fine sandwich on a pickled pickled fine pickled delicious perplexed fine chief of staff with a fine floor ? 
a fine floor wanted the perplexed floor on the chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff wanted a pickled president in a president . 
is it true that the sandwich under the delicious delicious perplexed floor kissed every fine floor in a sandwich with the pickled president ? 
every fine sandwich ate the fine pickle in the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled pickle under the pickled chief of staff kissed the floor under the sandwich on the floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate a fine president with the perplexed president under a pickled floor under a delicious president ? 
is it true that the delicious floor ate the chief of staff under every floor under every pickle ? 
a delicious sandwich wanted a fine pickled perplexed fine president . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every pickle in every delicious pickled pickle under a president ? 
the delicious sandwich with a floor with the president in a perplexed pickled pickled floor in the pickled floor wanted a floor ! 
a fine sandwich kissed the fine perplexed floor . 
the delicious chief of staff ate the president with the pickled delicious chief of staff ! 
the floor in a pickled chief of staff with the pickle on the fine president in a pickled pickle with the perplexed president kissed the pickled pickle ! 
a sandwich kissed the delicious delicious president ! 
the president ate a pickle . 
every floor in every delicious perplexed delicious perplexed floor on the sandwich in the delicious pickled president kissed the pickle . 
the pickle kissed every fine pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the fine delicious floor ? 
is it true that the floor ate a president ? 
is it true that every chief of staff with a pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff on every sandwich ate a sandwich . 
the perplexed pickled fine pickle ate every pickle . 
is it true that the fine floor on the delicious floor under the fine fine pickled president understood a pickle in every pickled pickle with the delicious floor in the fine fine sandwich in the sandwich in a sandwich with every president on the delicious pickle ? 
the president ate the pickle on the fine chief of staff . 
a sandwich understood a president . 
every pickled president in the chief of staff understood the floor with a pickled fine floor with every chief of staff under a fine sandwich . 
a delicious president wanted every chief of staff ! 
the president in every president under a floor understood a pickle . 
the fine pickle on every floor understood the delicious president on every chief of staff ! 
every president in every delicious pickled delicious chief of staff understood the fine chief of staff on a delicious delicious delicious pickle under a pickled sandwich ! 
every perplexed floor understood every delicious president ! 
is it true that the president kissed a sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious fine fine floor ate the perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a floor under the fine floor under a pickle on the floor with the pickle understood a perplexed sandwich in the pickle ? 
every delicious delicious floor kissed the chief of staff in a pickle under every perplexed pickled floor . 
every fine chief of staff in a pickle with a pickled floor understood the fine chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor ate a pickle ? 
is it true that a president wanted the delicious pickle ? 
a fine perplexed chief of staff on the president with the fine sandwich understood the fine delicious pickled president under the floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate every sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor ate the president ? 
is it true that the delicious pickled president understood a fine president under the pickle ? 
a sandwich understood the chief of staff ! 
a sandwich understood the perplexed pickled chief of staff in the president with a chief of staff ! 
every perplexed sandwich ate a delicious chief of staff . 
the sandwich under a fine pickled sandwich with the perplexed delicious president under the president in the pickle on a chief of staff under the delicious delicious chief of staff under every president in the president with the fine sandwich with a chief of staff understood the floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich with a delicious pickle on the pickle understood the president ? 
is it true that the pickle understood the fine president on the floor ? 
a president wanted every pickled fine fine floor . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich understood the fine fine pickled floor ? 
is it true that the floor understood a chief of staff ? 
a sandwich wanted a pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff wanted the fine fine chief of staff ? 
every floor pickled every president ! 
every president on every perplexed perplexed floor in the pickle with the chief of staff wanted the delicious chief of staff . 
the delicious president under every pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff on every perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed pickle with a sandwich on the fine pickled president on a delicious delicious pickle on every pickle in the fine floor in a sandwich in a sandwich on the pickle with the pickled pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff under a president in a sandwich ate a president under the delicious delicious pickle under the floor . 
is it true that a delicious delicious pickled fine chief of staff understood every fine delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle ? 
the floor understood a pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate a fine floor ? 
is it true that the pickled fine sandwich ate every pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle understood a pickled pickled fine pickle ? 
is it true that a president on the pickle kissed a floor ? 
is it true that every president understood a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious floor kissed a fine fine fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled fine president ate the chief of staff in the pickled pickled chief of staff with a pickled fine president in the fine pickled pickle in the sandwich under the delicious chief of staff with the perplexed president ? 
a sandwich wanted a president . 
is it true that the delicious president understood the delicious delicious sandwich on the fine chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff on the floor in the pickled floor under a president in the delicious pickled chief of staff with a sandwich on every president ate the president under every floor with a pickled sandwich in the president on the floor on the sandwich on the pickled chief of staff with a pickle in the sandwich in a chief of staff under a floor ! 
every sandwich kissed a delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed pickled floor ate the perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a floor understood a sandwich with every pickled fine sandwich ? 
the floor kissed every fine delicious delicious floor ! 
a floor wanted the chief of staff . 
a sandwich with every pickled fine floor wanted a fine pickled pickled fine fine fine pickle on the chief of staff . 
every fine pickle ate the delicious perplexed pickle ! 
the floor ate a pickle under a floor with a president in the president . 
the sandwich ate every perplexed fine fine floor . 
a president ate a chief of staff . 
the chief of staff understood a chief of staff . 
every pickled perplexed pickled delicious floor on a pickled chief of staff with the floor under a delicious chief of staff under a perplexed chief of staff wanted every sandwich . 
the pickled pickle ate every president ! 
every fine president under every president on the pickle under a floor wanted the delicious pickled sandwich in the floor with the fine delicious perplexed sandwich in every fine delicious perplexed pickle with a pickle . 
the fine sandwich in the president with a chief of staff under a president kissed a perplexed fine president with the fine chief of staff in the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich ate the president . 
is it true that the floor understood the pickled fine sandwich ? 
the pickle understood a pickled chief of staff ! 
the president understood a pickle with the delicious pickle . 
is it true that the pickled floor wanted a president on the pickle under the pickle in a president ? 
is it true that a president wanted every perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle in the president on the pickle on a president wanted a president ? 
every perplexed fine fine perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed delicious fine president in a delicious sandwich under the floor under a floor . 
is it true that every delicious fine pickled perplexed delicious pickled perplexed sandwich in a perplexed sandwich in the pickled pickled perplexed floor on every pickle with every floor in a perplexed chief of staff in every perplexed delicious chief of staff with a floor on a president ate every pickle ? 
a delicious fine floor under a perplexed president under a pickled fine sandwich with every delicious delicious sandwich ate every fine sandwich under the delicious pickle . 
a perplexed fine delicious pickled pickle wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled pickle under a sandwich in the delicious president with the perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? 
the perplexed president with the delicious sandwich with a pickle wanted every perplexed delicious chief of staff in the president with the delicious delicious floor in a president ! 
the pickle ate the fine delicious floor . 
is it true that the fine sandwich understood the perplexed fine delicious floor with a president ? 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed pickle in a president wanted a sandwich in the fine sandwich on a delicious perplexed pickle with the sandwich in the chief of staff ? 
the president ate the delicious chief of staff with the chief of staff under a delicious delicious president on every fine perplexed chief of staff . 
the president under a pickle wanted the president with the president . 
every sandwich with every sandwich in every pickled perplexed pickled pickle in the sandwich pickled a pickle . 
every president pickled the sandwich ! 
every pickle ate the floor ! 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ? 
the pickled delicious perplexed pickle in a chief of staff understood every floor . 
is it true that a fine fine perplexed floor understood every fine pickle ? 
is it true that a floor pickled the president on a delicious president ? 
is it true that every floor understood every floor ? 
is it true that a pickle wanted every fine pickle under every floor ? 
a pickled fine chief of staff under the chief of staff ate a pickle in every perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff . 
the pickled perplexed pickle understood the pickle ! 
every floor pickled the sandwich ! 
every perplexed delicious president wanted a perplexed pickled delicious floor ! 
the sandwich understood a sandwich . 
a perplexed sandwich wanted the pickled sandwich ! 
the floor wanted a fine fine president in the chief of staff on a chief of staff in a perplexed floor ! 
the sandwich understood the delicious pickled pickled pickle in a delicious fine pickle in every pickle with a pickle under the floor on the fine delicious pickle with the pickled fine president in the perplexed pickle with a pickled pickle on a perplexed pickle under the delicious perplexed pickled pickled floor on a pickle on a perplexed president under the floor with a president with the pickled fine delicious chief of staff with the pickle . 
every pickle understood every sandwich . 
is it true that the president wanted the fine chief of staff ? 
the floor understood a president ! 
a perplexed president ate the floor on a sandwich . 
the sandwich ate every floor ! 
every perplexed chief of staff in every pickled pickled president kissed the pickle on every pickle with the pickled chief of staff in a pickle in the sandwich ! 
a sandwich wanted the sandwich ! 
the president pickled the sandwich ! 
is it true that every fine pickled sandwich kissed every pickled pickled pickled delicious sandwich under the floor under a perplexed floor ? 
the pickle ate the pickled fine pickle . 
is it true that the delicious president with a sandwich with a chief of staff in the pickled pickle ate a chief of staff on the president ? 
is it true that the sandwich understood the floor ? 
the sandwich under the floor in the pickle with the fine chief of staff with the perplexed pickle in every fine pickle under a president on every perplexed floor with the floor kissed a perplexed delicious delicious pickle ! 
is it true that a perplexed pickle on a perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff under a pickled chief of staff in the president wanted a pickle on the pickle under the president ? 
a delicious pickle on a sandwich under a fine floor under the pickle on a floor with a pickle with the pickle in the fine sandwich with the president on a delicious fine chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed a delicious fine chief of staff ? 
the perplexed fine president with a floor in the president kissed every sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff under every pickled sandwich on every perplexed pickle with the pickle with the pickled sandwich ate the pickled floor in the perplexed perplexed perplexed president ? 
every chief of staff kissed a pickled pickled chief of staff . 
a sandwich with a floor on a fine sandwich under a chief of staff with the fine delicious fine pickle on the pickle with the perplexed delicious pickle on every president on a sandwich on the sandwich under every chief of staff ate the pickled fine fine president with the sandwich in every fine fine delicious pickled pickled fine chief of staff with every fine perplexed pickle under every fine perplexed pickle under the pickled delicious floor in the fine floor with the floor . 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the pickle with a fine fine perplexed perplexed pickled fine perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff ? 
a pickle in every floor on a floor under a chief of staff in every pickle with the delicious sandwich with a pickle under a floor with every perplexed pickle wanted a chief of staff ! 
the pickled floor wanted a perplexed fine pickle with the pickled chief of staff on every pickled perplexed floor ! 
the fine delicious pickled perplexed pickle ate the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff in every chief of staff under every president with the pickle ate every floor with the perplexed delicious chief of staff with every floor in a pickle on a sandwich in a perplexed floor ? 
the pickle on a delicious sandwich under every pickled chief of staff kissed a delicious delicious pickle ! 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff in a perplexed sandwich kissed every floor ? 
every sandwich wanted the delicious floor in the president in a chief of staff in the delicious sandwich in a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that every pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the perplexed fine delicious president with the floor kissed a floor ! 
the pickled delicious sandwich in the president in the pickled pickled chief of staff in the delicious president on a pickled delicious sandwich ate the delicious floor with a fine sandwich on the pickled floor with a sandwich . 
a floor pickled the floor ! 
every perplexed perplexed sandwich on the sandwich under every pickle kissed the fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that a perplexed delicious floor wanted every president ? 
every perplexed fine sandwich kissed a president with the sandwich . 
the sandwich kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich wanted every pickle with the pickled pickled pickled sandwich with the sandwich with a delicious perplexed pickled delicious president under the floor in a floor with the floor in the pickle under a perplexed floor with a floor on a delicious sandwich on every chief of staff in the perplexed pickled president ? 
is it true that the fine floor with a perplexed floor ate every chief of staff in a pickled floor in the perplexed pickle in every fine sandwich ? 
the perplexed pickled president ate a delicious perplexed president on the pickle . 
the floor under the delicious pickle understood every perplexed pickled delicious pickled fine pickled chief of staff on the president on every perplexed pickle ! 
every chief of staff ate the pickled delicious chief of staff under the president . 
is it true that a fine pickle under the fine chief of staff understood every fine president ? 
is it true that the fine pickled perplexed chief of staff in a fine pickle with the floor in the fine floor in a perplexed pickled pickled delicious pickle in the perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the pickle ? 
a floor in the president kissed every delicious floor ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the delicious delicious delicious pickle ? 
is it true that a president understood a president ? 
the perplexed floor understood a fine president . 
a perplexed delicious fine perplexed pickled chief of staff pickled every chief of staff in a president ! 
the sandwich with a perplexed sandwich under a sandwich with a pickle under the pickled pickle under a delicious pickle under every pickled perplexed president in the pickle understood the president ! 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff wanted the fine sandwich ? 
the sandwich on a pickle pickled a fine floor . 
every fine pickled floor in a pickle under a fine delicious chief of staff ate the delicious chief of staff in a sandwich ! 
is it true that every pickled pickle ate a pickled perplexed fine sandwich under every chief of staff with every fine president ? 
is it true that the sandwich understood the delicious pickle ? 
a perplexed floor ate every sandwich ! 
the sandwich kissed a pickled pickle with the pickle ! 
the sandwich in the chief of staff under the perplexed sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle . 
is it true that every perplexed president ate a pickle ? 
a floor kissed the chief of staff . 
the pickle ate the sandwich . 
a pickle understood every pickled pickled pickle ! 
the perplexed floor ate the floor ! 
the fine president in the fine president wanted every chief of staff ! 
a floor ate every fine floor . 
every fine perplexed fine sandwich ate every chief of staff under a pickled sandwich . 
a sandwich wanted a perplexed chief of staff . 
the perplexed sandwich ate the sandwich . 
every fine delicious sandwich with the perplexed president with a delicious delicious sandwich kissed the fine sandwich ! 
a perplexed president wanted a pickle . 
the sandwich under the delicious pickled fine pickle with the chief of staff understood the pickle ! 
is it true that the fine pickle in every fine floor ate a delicious perplexed president ? 
is it true that the president under the president ate the pickle under the sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle wanted a floor ? 
every fine chief of staff ate the pickled chief of staff ! 
the sandwich in the sandwich under the sandwich in the floor in a pickled sandwich kissed the sandwich ! 
every president ate every pickle in a perplexed delicious pickled sandwich under a delicious president with the fine pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the sandwich ? 
a pickle in every sandwich understood the sandwich . 
a fine chief of staff kissed a pickled pickle ! 
is it true that a sandwich under a fine chief of staff kissed every delicious pickled perplexed delicious delicious president ? 
every delicious president wanted every floor ! 
the pickle under every sandwich ate the floor . 
a pickle ate every pickled pickle . 
the delicious delicious floor wanted the pickled floor under the pickle . 
a president in the fine floor under every sandwich under the chief of staff under every perplexed sandwich under the president on every pickled chief of staff under the fine president on the delicious president under the fine floor with the pickled chief of staff under every pickled sandwich under the pickle on a sandwich under every floor with a sandwich on the delicious president understood the pickle . 
is it true that the pickled delicious sandwich wanted a pickled pickle ? 
a chief of staff with the perplexed perplexed chief of staff with a president in a delicious pickled fine fine pickled pickle on a perplexed pickle with a pickle understood a chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickle ate a president ? 
the president under a floor wanted the sandwich . 
the delicious president with a perplexed perplexed president kissed the floor . 
every president kissed every floor ! 
is it true that the delicious delicious pickle ate the president ? 
the pickled president kissed the delicious delicious perplexed pickle . 
the pickled delicious perplexed perplexed president ate the president under every perplexed president under every perplexed pickle ! 
the pickled president kissed the sandwich ! 
is it true that every floor understood the chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff ? 
a floor kissed every fine chief of staff . 
a sandwich ate the chief of staff under the delicious delicious president . 
every president wanted a floor in a perplexed floor in a fine pickle on a chief of staff on a pickled pickle ! 
the pickle ate a floor . 
is it true that the president understood the pickled fine chief of staff on a perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff ate every floor ? 
a president ate the delicious fine floor ! 
is it true that every pickled pickled chief of staff kissed a pickled floor ? 
is it true that every pickle wanted the president ? 
a fine pickled pickled president under every pickled pickle with every pickle wanted every president . 
every sandwich ate a pickle . 
the delicious chief of staff understood every pickled floor ! 
the sandwich kissed the delicious fine perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that a pickle kissed the delicious fine fine sandwich ? 
a pickled delicious delicious fine sandwich on the perplexed perplexed delicious delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich ate every sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled perplexed fine delicious delicious chief of staff in a pickle in the sandwich with a pickled president under every sandwich on the sandwich under the pickled chief of staff under the president under the chief of staff in a president in a fine pickle in the president kissed a president ? 
a fine pickle kissed the president in a chief of staff with the sandwich in every president with the delicious sandwich under a pickle with the delicious floor on a floor on every president in the pickle on a pickle with every president under the fine fine pickle with a sandwich with a pickled pickled pickled fine pickle in a perplexed pickle ! 
a delicious president under a floor kissed a pickled fine delicious fine sandwich under a delicious pickled chief of staff . 
a pickle with the floor understood a pickle ! 
a delicious pickle with a fine pickled fine delicious sandwich on the fine fine sandwich ate every pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff pickled a president on every pickled delicious pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff under a pickled sandwich on a delicious floor in a sandwich in a floor under a president with every fine president in the perplexed chief of staff understood a delicious chief of staff on a sandwich in every pickled floor with the president on the sandwich under a fine president under every delicious delicious fine delicious chief of staff under every president with the delicious fine delicious fine pickle on the fine pickled chief of staff under a fine fine floor with the perplexed pickled perplexed president under every perplexed delicious sandwich . 
every delicious fine pickle with the pickled pickle wanted the pickle ! 
every perplexed pickle wanted a chief of staff . 
the delicious president understood the delicious president ! 
a sandwich on the pickled pickled perplexed sandwich pickled a pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled pickled perplexed pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
a fine fine fine fine sandwich wanted a president ! 
is it true that a pickle with the delicious pickle kissed the perplexed chief of staff in the fine perplexed president with the perplexed sandwich with every pickled president ? 
the perplexed chief of staff under every sandwich in the pickle on every floor on a chief of staff in a floor in every president in every chief of staff on the pickle on the perplexed delicious pickle on a pickle on a pickled pickled delicious pickled fine floor under every perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich in a pickled delicious fine president with the perplexed pickled perplexed floor in every perplexed pickled pickle with the pickle in a fine sandwich wanted a perplexed delicious sandwich ! 
a delicious delicious president understood the chief of staff on the pickled delicious pickle . 
the chief of staff in every sandwich ate the perplexed floor . 
is it true that the fine fine fine sandwich wanted every pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
the sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
every fine sandwich ate a pickled fine floor . 
is it true that a floor wanted a pickled perplexed floor ? 
the pickle under every president under the floor in every pickled president with a president with the fine pickle in the delicious president on the chief of staff under every delicious floor on the perplexed fine pickled pickled floor with the pickle in a sandwich ate every pickle under every delicious delicious fine floor under a delicious pickle under the chief of staff under a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff in the fine pickled pickled delicious perplexed floor with the sandwich ate the sandwich . 
is it true that every fine fine fine delicious sandwich on a president understood a delicious perplexed pickle ? 
a pickle under the perplexed pickle kissed the president in every perplexed president . 
the perplexed pickled pickle in a pickle with a sandwich kissed every fine perplexed pickled pickle . 
every delicious floor wanted the floor ! 
is it true that the president pickled a pickle in a pickle with a fine pickled sandwich ? 
a delicious chief of staff ate every sandwich ! 
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed delicious sandwich understood the floor . 
the chief of staff kissed the pickled pickled sandwich on the chief of staff . 
every fine president ate the chief of staff ! 
the fine sandwich wanted a floor ! 
a perplexed fine delicious pickled delicious president kissed a pickled fine pickled perplexed delicious president in a pickled sandwich . 
a president under the pickle in the fine chief of staff pickled the president ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the pickle on a floor ? 
a floor kissed every sandwich in the chief of staff in every pickle ! 
the sandwich ate the delicious sandwich . 
the president kissed the perplexed perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff on a sandwich ! 
is it true that every floor on the president on the floor ate a fine delicious sandwich ? 
the fine chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
is it true that every delicious pickled perplexed floor under the fine perplexed chief of staff understood the pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? 
a perplexed sandwich in the perplexed sandwich understood the floor . 
the sandwich under the chief of staff under the delicious floor under a pickle on the chief of staff with a perplexed floor under the floor with the pickle under a floor ate every floor in a floor with every pickled president with a chief of staff ! 
a perplexed floor understood the president . 
a president ate every fine pickled floor on a sandwich on a floor on a president . 
is it true that a pickled perplexed delicious pickle under the pickle in the pickle kissed every sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff on a floor understood every perplexed fine pickled president ? 
the chief of staff under the chief of staff ate the pickle ! 
the perplexed perplexed pickle in the pickled sandwich ate every fine chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff wanted a pickled president ! 
every floor understood the sandwich . 
the chief of staff ate every floor ! 
the perplexed pickle wanted a chief of staff ! 
a delicious chief of staff ate every floor on every fine perplexed chief of staff in the chief of staff on the delicious floor ! 
a chief of staff in the sandwich under a pickled sandwich in the pickled pickled delicious floor on the fine chief of staff in the delicious floor under a floor in the sandwich under a delicious sandwich in the sandwich understood a chief of staff ! 
the pickle kissed the perplexed pickle with the chief of staff on a delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff with every pickle under the pickled fine president under every chief of staff with a pickle under the pickle on a pickled sandwich . 
the president wanted the fine floor . 
every fine fine delicious president understood the fine delicious sandwich ! 
the chief of staff wanted the president ! 
the perplexed sandwich on the pickled perplexed sandwich under a fine floor in the delicious delicious chief of staff with a sandwich on a president on the pickle in the delicious delicious floor on a delicious president with a chief of staff on a sandwich with a president on a pickled delicious fine chief of staff with the perplexed fine sandwich with the sandwich on the chief of staff with the perplexed fine pickle with every pickle with every floor under the delicious chief of staff wanted a floor . 
the president with the chief of staff in every delicious delicious delicious fine delicious pickle in a sandwich understood the fine chief of staff ! 
the delicious sandwich pickled the fine floor ! 
the chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that a fine fine chief of staff understood a delicious sandwich in the chief of staff ? 
the pickled president with every pickled pickled president on a fine delicious perplexed delicious floor on a fine sandwich kissed a pickled sandwich . 
every floor kissed the pickled delicious pickled perplexed pickle ! 
the chief of staff in a fine sandwich ate the pickle under a delicious delicious perplexed pickled delicious president in the president on every pickled delicious floor ! 
every floor under the sandwich under every pickled perplexed perplexed pickle kissed a chief of staff with a fine floor ! 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff wanted a fine fine floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich pickled a floor ? 
is it true that every perplexed president wanted every perplexed floor in the perplexed fine perplexed delicious chief of staff in every fine sandwich on a floor with the fine floor in a sandwich under every perplexed fine chief of staff on a delicious pickled sandwich ? 
the delicious pickled chief of staff pickled every pickle . 
a floor ate the president with the floor on a fine perplexed pickle on the perplexed delicious sandwich on a pickled president ! 
the pickled chief of staff under the sandwich in a fine pickle understood a perplexed perplexed pickled floor . 
a president wanted the fine delicious floor on the pickled delicious sandwich on the perplexed fine chief of staff in the pickle in the perplexed sandwich in a floor under the sandwich under the pickle with every delicious pickle . 
a fine pickled pickled delicious president kissed a floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff on a president with a pickle on a president under every perplexed sandwich kissed the pickled chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff on a fine pickle wanted a fine fine pickled pickle in the delicious chief of staff in the perplexed perplexed delicious pickle . 
the president with the delicious president ate the president . 
the pickle with every president under every president in a floor understood the chief of staff with the chief of staff under the delicious fine pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a president kissed the fine sandwich on every perplexed delicious chief of staff in the delicious sandwich on the sandwich on a pickled delicious floor ? 
the delicious pickle on a fine floor kissed the chief of staff . 
is it true that the president with the floor kissed a chief of staff ? 
a perplexed delicious perplexed fine perplexed pickle in the pickled pickled pickled fine pickled floor under the pickle wanted a delicious perplexed perplexed floor under a chief of staff . 
the president ate every pickle ! 
is it true that the fine pickle kissed a fine pickled president ? 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed pickled floor ate the fine delicious president in the perplexed floor ? 
a sandwich ate the pickled chief of staff in the fine president . 
the chief of staff understood every perplexed floor under a president . 
is it true that the pickled president ate a chief of staff under a perplexed chief of staff ? 
the delicious fine floor in the president ate the president ! 
every president understood a sandwich . 
the pickle wanted a perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
the pickle kissed the floor . 
every chief of staff kissed every floor ! 
a fine perplexed chief of staff ate every floor . 
every perplexed fine floor kissed the president . 
a fine pickled chief of staff under a president under a sandwich under the sandwich in the delicious pickled pickled sandwich in the president kissed the pickle in the pickle with a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled fine delicious delicious president kissed a pickled delicious president ? 
a perplexed fine pickle wanted the floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a delicious floor ? 
every chief of staff ate the president . 
the chief of staff under every sandwich with a delicious floor under a delicious delicious delicious sandwich under the floor understood every pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich wanted every fine chief of staff ? 
a pickle ate the floor ! 
the fine floor on the perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled president ate a sandwich in the perplexed pickle on every fine president ! 
a pickle ate a perplexed floor . 
a pickled pickled pickled perplexed perplexed floor understood every fine pickle in a fine president . 
every chief of staff understood a delicious pickle on the president ! 
every sandwich kissed the president . 
a president wanted a delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the president understood the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the president understood a pickle ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickle with a perplexed pickled fine delicious perplexed pickled pickle ate every delicious pickled pickle under the fine chief of staff ? 
the president kissed a president . 
a delicious pickled pickled sandwich wanted the president . 
a fine pickled delicious pickled pickle wanted the pickled perplexed president on every chief of staff . 
every chief of staff kissed every delicious president on every pickled perplexed sandwich on a floor under a chief of staff on a fine pickled fine pickle with every chief of staff . 
the fine floor ate the delicious chief of staff . 
a delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickled fine floor under the fine floor understood a chief of staff in a president under a pickle with a pickle . 
every sandwich kissed every fine floor . 
a floor understood a perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich understood every fine pickled perplexed floor ? 
every chief of staff on the perplexed president with the perplexed fine floor on the pickled pickled pickle understood every fine chief of staff . 
every sandwich ate the pickled chief of staff . 
a pickled fine pickled delicious pickled pickle wanted every fine president in the delicious fine president ! 
every pickle ate every floor . 
is it true that a president ate the fine pickled fine perplexed fine pickled pickle with the fine chief of staff in every delicious president ? 
the pickle with every floor ate the floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff on a pickle with a floor on the fine president understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate a fine chief of staff in the chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff kissed the pickle under a floor . 
is it true that a fine president kissed the fine fine fine floor in the floor ? 
is it true that the pickled fine fine chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president ate every perplexed floor ? 
every floor with a pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted a fine pickled delicious chief of staff under the pickle . 
the pickle understood the fine sandwich ! 
a president in the pickle understood every delicious president . 
is it true that the pickled sandwich ate the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a president in the sandwich understood the pickle ? 
the delicious floor wanted the pickled president ! 
a delicious pickle on every floor wanted the perplexed floor on a perplexed perplexed floor under the sandwich with the president in the president under the president in every pickled delicious fine president on the pickled sandwich with the pickled pickle . 
the president understood the delicious fine pickle . 
the pickle in the pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine delicious pickle wanted the delicious chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff wanted every pickled perplexed president . 
a chief of staff kissed a pickle ! 
a pickled delicious pickle ate a fine perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickle on a perplexed delicious perplexed pickled perplexed floor under a delicious perplexed floor on the sandwich with the perplexed sandwich understood the president with every president in the floor in the pickled pickle . 
the pickled pickle wanted every perplexed chief of staff ! 
the sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff ate a pickled perplexed floor ? 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff understood the perplexed chief of staff under the fine perplexed delicious president ? 
a floor in the sandwich with the delicious pickle on the sandwich ate a chief of staff under the pickled president with a pickle . 
the pickle understood every pickle ! 
a pickle ate a floor in a sandwich in the pickle on the sandwich . 
the fine fine pickle kissed a floor . 
the pickle under the floor in the perplexed chief of staff ate every floor . 
the floor ate a fine floor ! 
the perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle with the president in the fine perplexed fine sandwich with every pickle under a pickled perplexed floor with the perplexed chief of staff on the pickle under the floor with the chief of staff with the pickle ! 
a chief of staff understood the delicious pickled chief of staff with a pickle ! 
the sandwich understood a perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff on a pickle on the pickle with a chief of staff with a fine pickled delicious pickle under a fine pickled perplexed floor . 
a president in the pickle on a president pickled the president ! 
the fine pickled pickle kissed every delicious floor on the president with a sandwich under the perplexed fine sandwich in the floor on a fine perplexed fine chief of staff in the sandwich in every delicious perplexed sandwich under a perplexed delicious perplexed floor with a floor on the pickled fine chief of staff on the fine pickle with every chief of staff on a floor with every sandwich in a president . 
is it true that a president with a pickled sandwich ate a pickle ? 
a sandwich wanted every fine delicious fine pickle ! 
a sandwich wanted a president ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood every pickle on a delicious perplexed perplexed pickled president under a fine perplexed president ? 
a delicious chief of staff wanted every fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich with every president under every pickled fine pickled fine pickle kissed the floor with a chief of staff in the delicious floor in a pickle ? 
the pickled chief of staff under a president wanted the pickled pickled delicious chief of staff on the pickled perplexed floor with a pickled sandwich with the sandwich ! 
a floor kissed the pickle in a perplexed fine fine fine perplexed delicious fine fine delicious sandwich ! 
the sandwich understood the president ! 
a president ate the chief of staff with the president in the perplexed president on a chief of staff under the chief of staff under every floor . 
the pickled fine delicious president wanted the pickled pickle on the chief of staff with a president in the president with a pickle in the delicious chief of staff with a pickled delicious perplexed pickled pickle on a chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickled floor understood the fine delicious perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle on a president under the pickle on the floor ate every pickle ? 
the delicious sandwich with the pickled floor understood the pickle ! 
the delicious floor wanted a pickle with a perplexed perplexed fine sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff under the fine pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that every perplexed pickled sandwich under the sandwich with a perplexed chief of staff ate every pickled president ? 
every chief of staff ate a president ! 
the president with every pickled pickle on the pickle with the chief of staff in a perplexed sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
a delicious pickle in the delicious pickled sandwich with a president understood the delicious perplexed delicious pickled pickled sandwich ! 
the floor pickled the pickled chief of staff . 
the delicious pickled chief of staff kissed the fine president ! 
is it true that the floor understood a sandwich on the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich ate the chief of staff on a floor ? 
the sandwich kissed the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the president ? 
the perplexed delicious delicious perplexed pickle on the pickled sandwich ate a fine perplexed pickle under the floor ! 
a perplexed floor under the president under a delicious sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the president with the sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle on the floor with a chief of staff under the chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich under the delicious president with every fine pickle in a floor wanted every president with the president with every floor on the floor with a pickled floor ? 
the president understood the pickled pickle ! 
the fine president ate the fine chief of staff with every president under the pickled delicious president with a fine floor with the president with a sandwich on the fine pickled pickled president with a fine pickle in the pickle . 
the pickle understood every pickle under a perplexed pickled perplexed president ! 
a chief of staff under a floor ate every chief of staff . 
the chief of staff kissed a perplexed president ! 
the pickled perplexed president with the fine president kissed the pickled pickle . 
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious delicious sandwich kissed a pickle ? 
every pickled floor kissed the fine floor . 
the sandwich understood every pickle in every pickled sandwich on every president under the fine floor ! 
a perplexed floor wanted every delicious floor under a president . 
every pickle understood the floor in the sandwich ! 
the delicious president wanted a chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff in a fine perplexed fine sandwich under a sandwich on the floor wanted every sandwich on a sandwich on a perplexed delicious pickled perplexed fine pickled pickled president . 
a delicious delicious pickled president understood a fine fine delicious floor with every chief of staff on a chief of staff with the pickle with every sandwich on the sandwich ! 
the delicious perplexed fine delicious pickled perplexed pickle with a chief of staff under the sandwich understood a chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
the delicious perplexed president kissed the pickled pickle under the pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
a pickle ate a perplexed fine pickled perplexed pickled pickle ! 
every pickled chief of staff kissed every delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor wanted a pickled fine president ? 
every pickled perplexed perplexed delicious fine floor under the chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
a president wanted a perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff with a fine floor under a fine pickled floor under a delicious delicious delicious sandwich . 
the president on the pickle wanted a perplexed pickled chief of staff in the fine chief of staff . 
the pickle wanted the pickled sandwich ! 
every perplexed pickle wanted a floor ! 
a sandwich understood a sandwich in a delicious sandwich with a pickled fine pickled sandwich in a pickle ! 
the pickled chief of staff ate every fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled fine sandwich kissed the chief of staff under every fine president under every delicious pickle under a delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich in every floor in a president on a pickled president kissed the floor ? 
the delicious chief of staff ate the president ! 
every delicious fine fine fine perplexed delicious pickle with the delicious president wanted the floor ! 
the floor wanted the fine sandwich ! 
a fine fine perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a president under every chief of staff . 
the perplexed president in a president under a perplexed pickle on every president in the delicious delicious president in the fine floor ate the sandwich . 
every pickle kissed every delicious president ! 
every delicious fine pickled floor in every floor with the chief of staff with the sandwich ate a perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff . 
the president with the delicious floor with a fine fine sandwich kissed the sandwich . 
a president understood a pickle on the chief of staff on the floor in the floor . 
is it true that every delicious delicious chief of staff with a floor kissed the pickled floor ? 
is it true that the pickle under the perplexed president ate the pickle ? 
the delicious floor pickled a delicious pickled delicious floor ! 
the sandwich on a chief of staff in a sandwich on every floor wanted a delicious president in every president on the pickled pickled delicious sandwich with every sandwich under every fine president . 
the fine president wanted the perplexed delicious floor . 
the delicious sandwich under a perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich under a sandwich on every perplexed president in the delicious president . 
is it true that the pickle kissed a perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a perplexed perplexed president under the fine chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff on every pickle ? 
is it true that a president ate the president ? 
every president under the perplexed delicious pickle in every delicious sandwich under the sandwich ate the sandwich ! 
the floor understood the delicious chief of staff with the pickle ! 
is it true that a president ate every delicious president ? 
is it true that a fine fine pickled delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff wanted a president ? 
the chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
the pickle understood the pickle in the delicious floor with a fine pickle on the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious president in every chief of staff with every floor under every president under the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled president in a delicious chief of staff with every pickle on a president ate every sandwich ? 
the chief of staff kissed a pickle on the floor under the perplexed delicious president on a fine sandwich on a floor on every fine president under every delicious sandwich under the president under a fine fine floor ! 
is it true that every fine floor under the delicious pickle wanted every pickled floor under a pickle with every sandwich ? 
a floor with a pickled president in the fine chief of staff ate the president . 
the president wanted the chief of staff with the president with the president in the floor ! 
is it true that a president understood a fine fine fine fine pickle ? 
is it true that every chief of staff under the pickle understood a president under a sandwich under a pickled floor ? 
the pickled delicious pickled sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff understood the president ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed a pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle on a perplexed sandwich in every pickled fine perplexed pickled delicious floor with every chief of staff with every pickled fine delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff under the sandwich on the chief of staff with the chief of staff on a sandwich in a perplexed sandwich with a delicious chief of staff with a fine chief of staff under the floor in every perplexed chief of staff with every fine perplexed fine chief of staff with a perplexed sandwich wanted a president ? 
the floor ate a chief of staff under every floor in the pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled fine floor wanted every fine pickle under the pickle in a sandwich in every president in every sandwich under the delicious pickle with the delicious fine fine pickle ? 
a president on the fine delicious president kissed the delicious president on the sandwich . 
every president wanted every president . 
the sandwich ate a delicious pickled fine fine chief of staff . 
the sandwich on every president ate the pickle with the president ! 
a perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed the chief of staff in a pickled perplexed sandwich with every floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every sandwich ? 
the chief of staff in the pickle under a pickled chief of staff with the chief of staff on the pickle ate the fine chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickle wanted a president under the floor on the perplexed pickled president with the fine pickled sandwich ! 
the delicious chief of staff with a perplexed chief of staff in every chief of staff under every pickle in a pickle in the sandwich understood the perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickle kissed a pickle ? 
the sandwich wanted the floor ! 
every president ate a sandwich under a chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted every delicious sandwich . 
is it true that the delicious delicious fine pickled pickled pickle under a floor in the chief of staff in every sandwich under the chief of staff in the president with a pickled chief of staff with the sandwich in the pickle with a president under the sandwich on a sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff on the floor in a delicious president under a perplexed fine perplexed sandwich on every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff with the pickle under the sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate every pickled pickle ? 
every pickle kissed a perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich with a pickled delicious fine fine floor under a delicious fine sandwich under a chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich with every floor wanted a pickled fine perplexed president ? 
every pickled floor understood a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff understood the president ? 
the president wanted a perplexed chief of staff . 
a pickled chief of staff kissed every fine fine floor ! 
the pickled floor with the perplexed chief of staff ate the pickled floor ! 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that a president understood a delicious president ? 
the floor kissed every perplexed chief of staff . 
the sandwich on a chief of staff on the pickle in the pickled president understood the floor . 
a pickle ate the pickle on every pickle under every sandwich on a fine floor . 
the pickled sandwich wanted the perplexed fine perplexed delicious delicious delicious perplexed pickle with every floor ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate a delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that every sandwich on the delicious fine president understood every pickle ? 
a floor under every pickle with the chief of staff in a delicious delicious sandwich wanted every pickled president . 
is it true that a president understood the sandwich with a perplexed perplexed pickled president ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a delicious pickle ? 
every sandwich ate the delicious sandwich on the perplexed floor in the fine president . 
is it true that every president wanted a sandwich ? 
the chief of staff in the pickled fine sandwich under a pickled president in every sandwich understood a pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate the perplexed delicious floor on the pickled fine president ? 
the chief of staff understood a sandwich on the sandwich under a fine sandwich . 
is it true that a floor with a pickled president on a sandwich on a president ate the floor on the chief of staff ? 
a pickle pickled a pickle in the delicious fine pickled perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a pickled sandwich understood a president ? 
a fine perplexed pickle with a pickled delicious pickle understood a floor ! 
a delicious sandwich understood the pickled perplexed floor with the pickled fine perplexed perplexed fine president ! 
is it true that a floor in every perplexed chief of staff understood the pickle in a floor under a perplexed fine perplexed delicious chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff with a fine perplexed sandwich ate a president . 
a perplexed sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
the delicious floor wanted the president . 
a pickled fine chief of staff kissed every pickled fine fine floor in the sandwich on a sandwich on a pickle ! 
is it true that a sandwich under every perplexed chief of staff with the president wanted every pickle ? 
a chief of staff under a fine pickle with every delicious president pickled every sandwich . 
is it true that the floor pickled the perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled floor ate every delicious fine perplexed delicious fine fine floor ? 
is it true that every floor understood the pickled pickled fine delicious pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickle ate the floor ? 
the sandwich with the pickled pickled pickle with a sandwich in the pickle on a pickle ate a delicious president in a fine sandwich . 
is it true that a pickled delicious fine sandwich understood every pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich ate every perplexed pickle ? 
the floor wanted every delicious sandwich with the chief of staff with every chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff understood every president ! 
a pickled pickle wanted a chief of staff with a floor with a sandwich ! 
the fine floor on the perplexed sandwich in the delicious floor understood the president on a floor in a floor with a sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed fine president under a sandwich on a pickle under every chief of staff under the pickle on the delicious sandwich in the chief of staff understood the fine president under the floor ? 
the fine perplexed president wanted a pickled pickle on every perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed delicious president with the pickle . 
the fine sandwich understood the chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff on the pickled president understood the pickled sandwich . 
is it true that every pickled delicious pickled president ate the president under the floor ? 
the perplexed fine president understood the chief of staff . 
a fine pickle kissed the president ! 
a pickle kissed every pickle . 
the pickle ate a fine pickle in a fine pickled pickled pickled sandwich . 
every president understood a pickled pickled delicious pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff understood a perplexed chief of staff under the sandwich ? 
a pickle kissed the delicious pickle . 
a pickled fine chief of staff ate the fine delicious chief of staff on the pickle on a president with the floor with a pickle in a perplexed pickle under the fine president with the president in a fine delicious floor on every delicious chief of staff with the fine delicious floor under a floor in a pickled fine fine fine pickled floor under the fine delicious sandwich under the fine president on a sandwich in a chief of staff under every president . 
is it true that a chief of staff in the chief of staff on the pickle ate every pickle ? 
a president in every fine pickle ate the floor on a sandwich with the chief of staff in the floor ! 
is it true that a delicious pickle kissed the president ? 
is it true that every president understood every pickle ? 
the pickle understood a pickle . 
is it true that a president in the president kissed the pickle ? 
the floor in a fine fine delicious president on the sandwich understood a delicious chief of staff under a fine floor ! 
the pickled pickled sandwich ate a floor under the perplexed fine president . 
a floor ate the president ! 
is it true that a fine perplexed chief of staff in every sandwich understood a floor ? 
the floor under every sandwich kissed a president ! 
the fine chief of staff with the president with a delicious chief of staff on the sandwich understood a delicious pickled perplexed perplexed pickle with every president . 
the delicious fine delicious president in the chief of staff on a president wanted the fine pickle under the delicious president . 
the fine chief of staff wanted the pickle ! 
a chief of staff under the perplexed delicious chief of staff on a pickle on a pickle kissed the fine floor . 
a fine president wanted every pickled perplexed pickled president . 
the floor wanted a perplexed chief of staff . 
the perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff wanted the perplexed fine delicious pickle . 
the pickled president kissed a president . 
a pickled pickle understood every sandwich ! 
the pickled sandwich with a pickled president on every sandwich understood the pickle ! 
a floor under a pickled fine delicious chief of staff with the president under every delicious fine perplexed pickled chief of staff understood the pickled president in a pickle under the perplexed delicious pickled president under the delicious sandwich under every pickle with the pickle under a fine fine chief of staff . 
the president under the chief of staff under every pickled sandwich under the pickled president understood a pickle . 
the delicious delicious pickle wanted a fine pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff . 
a fine delicious chief of staff kissed a president ! 
a sandwich understood the fine delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the president ate the delicious fine chief of staff ? 
a floor wanted a sandwich . 
the pickled sandwich with the pickled pickle under a fine floor with every perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted a floor on a delicious fine pickled floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every delicious floor on the fine president in the pickle in the president ? 
is it true that the pickled floor understood a pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed fine president ate a pickle ? 
the perplexed pickled chief of staff on the chief of staff on the floor with the pickled sandwich with the pickle on a delicious chief of staff with a sandwich under a fine perplexed delicious pickled fine floor under the pickled fine pickled president on a chief of staff under every pickled floor with every perplexed pickled fine sandwich with a president under the sandwich on the delicious president in the president with the sandwich ate the president ! 
every president ate a delicious fine president ! 
is it true that the floor on a fine fine pickled chief of staff in the chief of staff ate the delicious pickled fine president ? 
the fine pickled sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
the fine perplexed perplexed pickle understood the sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every floor ? 
every pickle kissed every fine floor . 
every pickled pickled pickle on a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
the delicious pickle under every president understood a president under the sandwich on the fine pickle under a pickled pickle . 
a sandwich understood the pickle . 
the chief of staff with the chief of staff kissed the delicious pickle ! 
the chief of staff understood every perplexed floor . 
is it true that a pickled president kissed every pickle in a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious floor ate every fine perplexed president ? 
the floor wanted every pickle ! 
is it true that a delicious president wanted the pickle ? 
a chief of staff with a perplexed floor understood the pickle ! 
the perplexed perplexed president on a sandwich pickled the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a floor under a chief of staff under every fine sandwich in the sandwich in a fine pickle ? 
a delicious chief of staff under every president kissed the pickled president ! 
the sandwich ate every floor in every sandwich under every delicious sandwich on every chief of staff in the chief of staff ! 
the pickle kissed every delicious fine pickled floor in the floor ! 
is it true that a delicious pickled perplexed pickle on a pickled fine floor on the president in the chief of staff on the pickle under the floor in the fine delicious pickle on the delicious perplexed pickle under a sandwich with every fine pickle under the pickled president ate the floor in a president with the delicious sandwich in the sandwich ? 
the pickle kissed the president under a sandwich on the perplexed president in the president on every sandwich . 
the pickle wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that every delicious pickle in a president in the delicious president pickled a floor with a sandwich ? 
the chief of staff wanted a president with a fine chief of staff on a chief of staff under the floor with every sandwich on the fine president under a sandwich on every pickle with the fine fine fine chief of staff with every fine president on a pickled perplexed president on a floor ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle with a chief of staff ate every pickle in the fine president ? 
every president on a chief of staff kissed every delicious sandwich . 
is it true that every chief of staff understood a delicious president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff in every pickle in the president pickled the delicious fine pickled chief of staff ? 
a fine pickled fine perplexed floor understood the perplexed delicious president . 
every chief of staff ate every chief of staff on the pickle in the president in the fine perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a delicious sandwich understood a delicious pickle ? 
a chief of staff wanted a perplexed president . 
the sandwich kissed the fine floor . 
is it true that a fine sandwich wanted the president on the delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle on a pickled president ? 
a fine pickled delicious sandwich kissed the delicious fine pickle ! 
a perplexed delicious president pickled the chief of staff . 
every delicious pickle wanted the pickle . 
is it true that a pickled fine perplexed pickle on every sandwich in every delicious sandwich in the delicious floor under the floor on the president in every chief of staff under a pickle kissed a perplexed pickled perplexed floor ? 
the perplexed pickled delicious perplexed president kissed a pickle with a perplexed president . 
a pickle wanted every fine floor ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed the fine pickled delicious president ? 
a floor wanted the delicious sandwich with a floor ! 
the fine pickle kissed a sandwich under a pickle . 
a sandwich with the delicious sandwich kissed every perplexed pickled delicious sandwich with the president . 
the sandwich ate the floor ! 
is it true that the delicious delicious president ate a delicious fine fine president ? 
the fine fine chief of staff with the president kissed every fine pickled pickled pickled sandwich on every perplexed pickled sandwich . 
the floor wanted the pickle . 
the fine delicious president ate a president . 
a chief of staff ate the perplexed pickle on a pickled president . 
is it true that a fine sandwich wanted every sandwich ? 
the fine sandwich ate the pickle ! 
a pickle under the fine sandwich under a pickled perplexed fine chief of staff in a president on the chief of staff with a delicious president under the chief of staff on a floor kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff understood every pickle with every floor under the floor under the floor on the delicious floor on the chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate a delicious delicious president ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled chief of staff understood the perplexed floor ? 
every delicious perplexed sandwich understood a fine pickle . 
a sandwich pickled the pickle in the president . 
every perplexed pickle with a sandwich on every pickled sandwich with the delicious perplexed fine pickle on every pickled chief of staff in a pickle on every pickle under a president wanted the floor . 
a floor under the chief of staff ate a sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a sandwich in the pickled floor in every floor ? 
the fine sandwich pickled the perplexed president ! 
the pickled pickle kissed the perplexed sandwich ! 
the president understood the president ! 
a fine perplexed perplexed floor in a perplexed delicious fine fine president ate the sandwich . 
the delicious perplexed president wanted every delicious fine floor . 
the floor wanted the pickle on the delicious perplexed sandwich . 
every floor ate every president . 
the pickle on the pickle kissed a floor on a perplexed floor . 
is it true that the pickle under a floor wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich on the president in the floor understood the president ? 
a sandwich ate the pickle ! 
a delicious chief of staff under a perplexed president with the pickle on the sandwich with a pickle understood a perplexed delicious perplexed floor . 
every floor ate the sandwich on the chief of staff in a sandwich in every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor ate every floor ? 
is it true that the fine chief of staff ate the president ? 
the chief of staff wanted the president . 
is it true that the pickled sandwich with the floor ate the perplexed sandwich ? 
a sandwich under the fine president ate the pickled pickled sandwich in a president with a pickle in the perplexed fine floor . 
the delicious sandwich wanted every fine president . 
is it true that every fine pickled chief of staff understood the floor in every pickle on the perplexed fine sandwich in a president in a delicious fine sandwich under a fine chief of staff on a fine president ? 
a pickle with every fine perplexed perplexed president kissed the floor . 
the perplexed chief of staff understood the president ! 
the pickled president kissed the fine pickle . 
the president with the perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich on the pickled perplexed perplexed president with a chief of staff wanted the floor ! 
the delicious sandwich with a fine president under the fine pickled fine perplexed pickled pickled floor on the pickled fine delicious sandwich in the fine delicious floor with a sandwich under the delicious sandwich ate every perplexed president ! 
is it true that the floor kissed a delicious floor ? 
every delicious pickled president understood the perplexed president . 
every delicious sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
the delicious pickled fine pickle wanted a floor on the pickle under the sandwich in the fine chief of staff on the chief of staff with a perplexed sandwich under the fine pickle in the sandwich under a pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickled chief of staff pickled the sandwich . 
a sandwich in a pickle in the perplexed pickle on a pickled president under every pickled floor under the fine sandwich ate a fine sandwich under the perplexed pickled chief of staff ! 
every sandwich understood the floor ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the fine pickle ? 
a delicious chief of staff kissed every delicious pickled floor . 
every president under the chief of staff on the delicious pickle in every pickle with every president on the floor on the chief of staff with a perplexed delicious chief of staff in the perplexed president under the president with the perplexed pickle on the pickle wanted the pickle . 
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood every delicious pickle on the delicious perplexed delicious fine floor on a sandwich in a delicious sandwich in a fine president in the perplexed delicious chief of staff on the pickled perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed president with a delicious floor on every floor in the floor with a fine delicious sandwich on the perplexed pickle on every floor under a pickle on a pickled floor under the floor with the delicious chief of staff with the pickle on a floor under a pickle ! 
a sandwich kissed the pickled fine chief of staff . 
every president kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich under the fine chief of staff understood the pickle ? 
every pickled pickled pickled sandwich under the delicious pickle under the fine chief of staff understood the fine president under a sandwich . 
a president in a delicious floor with a president ate the sandwich ! 
a floor ate the pickle on the fine fine floor with a chief of staff ! 
a sandwich understood the floor on every fine chief of staff ! 
the sandwich in every pickled pickle with every perplexed perplexed pickle on the chief of staff kissed a president in the sandwich ! 
is it true that every delicious delicious pickled sandwich understood a delicious chief of staff ? 
a president with the president kissed a president on the president . 
the floor wanted the pickled floor on the sandwich on every delicious chief of staff ! 
the pickle in the pickle kissed a perplexed president with a president with the chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that a president under the sandwich in the pickled delicious delicious chief of staff in a pickled delicious sandwich in a president ate the fine delicious pickle ? 
the floor pickled the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every president on a fine fine pickled fine chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickle in a president on the perplexed sandwich ate a president with a pickle ? 
is it true that the president kissed every perplexed delicious perplexed floor ? 
the chief of staff in the pickle kissed the perplexed fine perplexed president ! 
is it true that a floor ate every delicious floor in a fine delicious pickled pickle with the fine pickle ? 
a pickled sandwich under a perplexed sandwich pickled the fine pickle . 
the chief of staff under the delicious floor ate the president in the fine fine perplexed pickled pickle in every fine sandwich on every chief of staff in a pickle under the president on a perplexed pickled delicious president ! 
the floor kissed the sandwich in the pickle with the floor . 
the delicious sandwich kissed the fine sandwich . 
is it true that every sandwich kissed every floor ? 
the chief of staff under every floor under every pickled president on the floor under a sandwich with every delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickled president in a fine pickle wanted a pickled floor with a delicious president in the delicious chief of staff on the president in every chief of staff with the pickled floor on every delicious sandwich with every pickled floor on the fine delicious pickle with the perplexed floor on every floor in the pickled pickle on the floor on the delicious president with the sandwich on a president ! 
is it true that every president understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that a perplexed president understood a president ? 
a fine delicious floor understood the pickle . 
the pickle kissed the chief of staff . 
the fine fine delicious delicious delicious fine perplexed delicious sandwich under the fine delicious chief of staff understood every sandwich ! 
a chief of staff wanted the sandwich . 
is it true that every perplexed delicious pickle ate a perplexed fine president ? 
the pickle kissed the delicious sandwich ! 
a floor under a sandwich kissed the president in a perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickle wanted the floor ! 
is it true that the president under a sandwich ate every pickled president ? 
is it true that every fine chief of staff on the president on every delicious floor with the chief of staff kissed the delicious pickle in every chief of staff ? 
is it true that every fine floor under the pickle ate a chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff understood the pickled president . 
every pickled president understood every perplexed delicious president ! 
is it true that the pickle with the chief of staff with the chief of staff under a floor with every perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle understood the perplexed perplexed pickle with the fine sandwich ? 
the president on the chief of staff ate a fine floor ! 
the delicious pickle wanted every delicious president . 
is it true that a floor with the pickle pickled a fine floor on a sandwich ? 
a chief of staff pickled every pickled president . 
the fine chief of staff understood the pickle on every perplexed delicious president in every perplexed chief of staff with every delicious fine delicious pickled fine president in the sandwich with a president under a president with a pickled fine floor under the sandwich with every chief of staff in every pickled sandwich in a chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the delicious sandwich wanted a pickled pickle . 
every fine pickle in every chief of staff on every chief of staff with a fine perplexed pickled chief of staff under the delicious perplexed pickle wanted the chief of staff ! 
the fine fine pickle kissed every chief of staff . 
the pickled fine pickled perplexed pickle kissed the sandwich . 
a perplexed fine delicious chief of staff understood a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious floor pickled the president ? 
every floor wanted a delicious pickle on the pickled floor ! 
is it true that the delicious fine floor under the floor pickled a fine pickled sandwich with a delicious perplexed president on the perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
the president kissed the sandwich . 
the chief of staff on the president ate a president with every sandwich . 
the delicious sandwich with the sandwich with the sandwich in the chief of staff pickled the pickled pickled perplexed pickled president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every floor under the sandwich with every chief of staff ? 
every perplexed president in the sandwich ate the pickle . 
the president wanted a pickled delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the president kissed every pickle ? 
is it true that a floor kissed the pickled floor under the chief of staff under a perplexed pickled president ? 
a perplexed chief of staff ate a pickled delicious president . 
the perplexed delicious pickle on the floor kissed the delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
a floor ate a chief of staff . 
every delicious pickled chief of staff ate the fine pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the president ? 
the perplexed fine pickle understood a delicious pickle in the pickle in the sandwich ! 
every chief of staff wanted every floor ! 
is it true that the floor in the pickled floor ate the pickle ? 
the perplexed sandwich under the fine perplexed president wanted the president ! 
is it true that every president with a pickle under the delicious chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed perplexed president ? 
the perplexed perplexed sandwich under every perplexed president wanted the perplexed sandwich under every floor . 
the perplexed perplexed floor wanted a pickled delicious president ! 
the fine floor on a president under a pickled pickle under the sandwich on a pickled perplexed delicious pickle with every pickled pickle under a fine pickled delicious pickle under the sandwich on the floor ate the floor ! 
the floor understood a pickled perplexed president ! 
is it true that a sandwich ate the floor ? 
a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious delicious pickle ate the chief of staff under a perplexed fine floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood the floor ? 
every chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
every president kissed the president ! 
is it true that the floor ate the sandwich ? 
the pickled delicious pickled pickle under the fine delicious pickled delicious perplexed sandwich wanted the president on a fine fine pickled fine president on the sandwich ! 
the pickled president ate a pickled president . 
the president with the sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
a floor ate a president ! 
the delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled president ate every fine pickle ? 
the delicious floor ate every pickle ! 
is it true that the president on the delicious delicious president understood the perplexed floor ? 
a perplexed chief of staff understood the perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a president wanted the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that every fine fine president kissed the chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff ate every delicious pickled chief of staff in the sandwich ! 
the fine pickled pickled pickle understood every president ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich wanted every delicious floor ? 
the fine sandwich kissed the pickled floor with the floor ! 
the pickle ate a pickled delicious perplexed fine chief of staff in the pickled floor . 
is it true that the fine fine delicious pickled sandwich with the perplexed floor on the pickled fine president with the pickle on the sandwich understood the floor ? 
the fine delicious president ate the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor in the floor kissed the floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed floor wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that every delicious president under the sandwich understood a pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
a pickled floor pickled the perplexed delicious delicious floor . 
is it true that the fine delicious president with the fine president under the perplexed delicious president kissed a chief of staff ? 
every perplexed chief of staff under every perplexed pickle ate the sandwich on the sandwich in the pickled sandwich in a floor with a pickled pickle under the pickle . 
a sandwich in a sandwich kissed a president with a sandwich ! 
the perplexed floor on a pickle in a perplexed delicious pickle under the fine fine perplexed chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
the pickled pickle understood a fine pickle ! 
a delicious president understood every sandwich ! 
every pickle understood the sandwich on the sandwich . 
every president understood every pickled delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled floor with a delicious pickled delicious sandwich under the fine delicious pickled pickle in a president on the floor with the perplexed perplexed floor in the pickled pickled delicious perplexed floor in the fine president wanted a perplexed delicious chief of staff with the pickle with the pickled delicious fine pickle in the president under a floor on the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich with a pickled fine chief of staff with a pickled pickled floor ate the pickled president ? 
the fine fine delicious floor ate the president . 
the sandwich ate the pickled fine perplexed floor . 
a president under the fine chief of staff wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that every sandwich under the delicious chief of staff kissed a sandwich under every delicious pickled pickled perplexed pickle ? 
a president with a perplexed pickled perplexed pickle understood a floor . 
a floor with every chief of staff wanted a president ! 
every fine delicious president understood every pickle with the perplexed floor . 
a delicious floor ate a sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed perplexed floor with the president understood the pickle on a fine pickled fine pickle ? 
every chief of staff under a pickle on every chief of staff in every sandwich kissed every fine president under the pickle ! 
the fine fine pickled sandwich in a president understood every pickle ! 
every fine pickled pickle kissed a chief of staff ! 
the sandwich on a sandwich in the chief of staff on the chief of staff under the pickled president with the pickled president understood the delicious floor ! 
the fine pickle in every fine chief of staff understood every fine fine sandwich ! 
a fine delicious delicious pickle in the sandwich wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the fine floor ? 
the pickle ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that every delicious chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? 
the floor with a floor on a fine chief of staff under the perplexed pickled fine floor with every fine chief of staff in the delicious perplexed fine delicious perplexed pickle in the president on a perplexed pickled pickled delicious delicious floor on a floor under a pickled perplexed floor with every president kissed the floor . 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the perplexed delicious floor ? 
a delicious sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
the pickle kissed every delicious chief of staff on every sandwich on every sandwich under a chief of staff with the president ! 
is it true that a floor understood a floor ? 
the delicious perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff understood a pickled floor under the delicious pickle with a fine floor under a chief of staff ! 
every pickled fine delicious floor wanted a fine floor with a sandwich with the chief of staff with every fine pickled pickle under a pickle in a president with the fine fine delicious pickled delicious floor on every fine perplexed chief of staff on a perplexed pickled floor in the chief of staff under the chief of staff with the delicious fine delicious pickle on the pickle in the perplexed sandwich under the delicious pickled floor with the delicious chief of staff under a floor under every floor on the pickled perplexed fine floor on a perplexed perplexed floor . 
a floor kissed a delicious perplexed sandwich under a chief of staff under a perplexed pickled pickle ! 
a chief of staff under a delicious sandwich kissed a pickle . 
the president ate the pickled chief of staff ! 
the pickle on a delicious chief of staff in the pickled pickle ate every perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
a chief of staff pickled a fine sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled perplexed floor pickled the delicious president under a delicious pickle under the perplexed chief of staff under a pickled delicious perplexed sandwich with the floor ? 
a perplexed pickle with the pickled chief of staff wanted a pickled sandwich . 
a floor in the floor with the floor on the perplexed sandwich in the pickle ate a chief of staff . 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff wanted the pickled president ? 
is it true that the fine pickled sandwich understood a pickle ? 
the pickle under the perplexed president with the pickled president on the delicious pickle under a perplexed president on every president with the delicious chief of staff on the fine pickle on a sandwich in the pickle with the chief of staff with every delicious pickle on a sandwich on every floor with the floor in the chief of staff on the floor under every pickle on the president with the president on a president under every pickled pickled floor in every sandwich in the sandwich on every pickle under a pickled chief of staff on a chief of staff on a president under a fine chief of staff under the floor with the sandwich in a pickled president under a president in the chief of staff in every perplexed sandwich under a fine sandwich on a delicious chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
the floor with the fine president kissed a floor on every floor on every pickled pickle ! 
the fine fine fine pickle understood a pickled fine pickle . 
is it true that every floor wanted the floor ? 
the delicious perplexed sandwich in the chief of staff wanted a pickled fine delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious president kissed the pickled fine floor ? 
the sandwich wanted a fine pickled floor . 
is it true that every president ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a floor kissed the pickle ? 
a fine sandwich with a delicious pickled perplexed pickled pickled president on the perplexed perplexed sandwich with every perplexed perplexed pickle on a delicious president under a floor under the sandwich kissed the president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a delicious perplexed fine delicious floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich under a chief of staff ate every floor ? 
a perplexed sandwich ate every pickled fine president ! 
a pickled delicious floor ate every floor on the delicious sandwich . 
a floor wanted a pickle ! 
a perplexed floor understood the chief of staff ! 
a perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff ate a floor . 
the fine pickle wanted every sandwich . 
the pickled sandwich wanted the pickled fine pickled chief of staff . 
the fine floor on the fine pickled president under the chief of staff under a president in a fine perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed floor with a pickle wanted a president ! 
is it true that a president ate a pickle under a president in a delicious pickle under a floor ? 
a delicious pickle understood a floor . 
a chief of staff kissed the president . 
the floor ate every president . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the sandwich with every perplexed delicious president under the president ? 
a perplexed sandwich wanted the pickled president ! 
is it true that a fine pickled delicious president ate a fine perplexed president under the chief of staff under a perplexed chief of staff ? 
every fine fine chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
a perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
the president under a fine pickled perplexed pickle under a pickled chief of staff in every fine fine president in a sandwich with every perplexed chief of staff with every delicious delicious pickled perplexed perplexed floor under the delicious perplexed floor with the chief of staff on the fine fine president with the floor with the floor under the fine delicious delicious president kissed the fine delicious chief of staff in the pickle in every pickle under the president in the pickle under the fine floor ! 
is it true that the president ate a perplexed fine fine fine chief of staff under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled perplexed fine president ate a president under the pickled president in the delicious chief of staff under the president ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich under the president understood the pickle ? 
the floor ate a pickle under the pickled president under a floor ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed a delicious president ? 
is it true that the sandwich pickled the pickled floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the fine pickled floor understood the chief of staff in the pickle ? 
the perplexed perplexed floor ate every chief of staff . 
every president kissed the president . 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich with every fine perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich on a president under the president on a delicious perplexed president under the pickled pickle kissed a pickle ? 
is it true that every delicious delicious president understood a president with the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood the president ? 
is it true that a fine perplexed delicious sandwich in the chief of staff understood a president ? 
a floor ate every sandwich in the fine pickle in the perplexed pickle on a chief of staff . 
is it true that every delicious president with a delicious president on a sandwich with a sandwich wanted the floor ? 
the fine chief of staff on a floor wanted a pickle in a chief of staff on the delicious pickled floor in the floor . 
the sandwich understood a pickle . 
a pickle ate the fine delicious president ! 
is it true that a floor wanted a sandwich ? 
the perplexed delicious perplexed president under a fine fine pickled sandwich under the chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled delicious perplexed fine perplexed sandwich . 
a chief of staff wanted every fine pickled pickled sandwich ! 
the floor ate a president ! 
every fine chief of staff ate a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich ate every floor ? 
a perplexed delicious delicious pickle understood a floor with the delicious perplexed fine sandwich in a perplexed chief of staff with a sandwich on a president ! 
is it true that a floor under a president in the president in a chief of staff under the pickled delicious chief of staff in the fine perplexed delicious fine chief of staff in the delicious perplexed pickle under a floor ate every delicious sandwich ? 
a chief of staff wanted the floor . 
a pickled sandwich wanted a floor in a president ! 
the pickled president understood a fine perplexed perplexed pickle with the fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a chief of staff in the fine sandwich under a sandwich in the president kissed the pickled sandwich ? 
a pickle wanted every chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff understood every perplexed chief of staff . 
every floor under the floor with the floor kissed the sandwich . 
the fine perplexed president kissed a floor on the chief of staff in a chief of staff under every pickle ! 
every delicious chief of staff understood the delicious sandwich ! 
a president understood a sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor on the pickled president in a sandwich ate every president ? 
the delicious pickle in the pickle in the floor in every pickled perplexed delicious president on a floor in the delicious perplexed fine fine president in a sandwich in the delicious sandwich under every pickled delicious perplexed pickle under the pickled sandwich pickled a floor in the delicious floor in a delicious pickle under the floor . 
a chief of staff in a floor ate every president with a delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
a floor wanted a pickle on the delicious sandwich on the president with a sandwich . 
every fine fine sandwich with a pickle kissed the pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
the fine pickle understood every pickle . 
is it true that the floor wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that every perplexed president on a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
the fine sandwich under the pickled sandwich with a chief of staff ate the chief of staff with the delicious perplexed pickle under the chief of staff under the sandwich with a pickled pickle with a delicious delicious perplexed delicious perplexed fine sandwich on the president in every sandwich on every sandwich under the delicious perplexed pickled floor on the pickle with every chief of staff under a president in the chief of staff with every fine sandwich with the pickled fine president in the pickle on every floor ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickle ? 
the delicious sandwich ate the delicious floor ! 
the perplexed pickle pickled the chief of staff . 
every president on a president wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled perplexed pickle with a pickle with a pickle in the perplexed perplexed floor on a pickled floor in a pickle under a fine pickled president under a delicious pickle on a floor in a pickle on the perplexed sandwich with a pickle kissed a president ? 
a delicious delicious chief of staff understood a pickle . 
is it true that the floor in the sandwich understood a sandwich in every pickle under the pickled delicious chief of staff under the pickled sandwich in a chief of staff under a fine chief of staff on the president under the fine sandwich with the delicious pickle in the perplexed chief of staff in every pickle ? 
the president wanted every sandwich under a delicious fine pickle with every sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle under every president under the fine pickle wanted a president with a pickled floor ? 
is it true that the president ate a fine delicious floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff under the pickled sandwich understood the pickle ? 
a sandwich understood the pickled pickle with the fine pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled floor ate the perplexed fine pickle ? 
the pickle wanted the fine floor with the president . 
the perplexed chief of staff understood the fine pickled chief of staff ! 
every floor in a delicious delicious pickle on a fine sandwich kissed a pickle in a chief of staff ! 
a president wanted the delicious president . 
a floor wanted the pickled floor on a fine pickled floor in a floor ! 
the sandwich understood every pickle with the fine chief of staff . 
the perplexed pickle wanted every pickle ! 
the sandwich with the perplexed delicious pickled perplexed pickle wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickle ate a pickled pickled president on the fine fine perplexed sandwich ? 
a pickle wanted a president on every sandwich under every pickled floor . 
the president pickled the sandwich . 
a sandwich ate the sandwich . 
is it true that the floor kissed the floor ? 
the pickled floor wanted a president in the perplexed fine fine delicious fine floor ! 
the pickled president kissed a pickled chief of staff with a pickled president . 
every pickle wanted the delicious pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff with the floor in the fine perplexed floor under the sandwich under a sandwich in the president under the floor with the perplexed fine pickled floor on the floor under the fine delicious sandwich under every floor ! 
is it true that the delicious delicious fine fine perplexed floor ate a delicious delicious chief of staff under the sandwich on a floor under the fine chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed chief of staff on every delicious president on the delicious president ? 
is it true that a chief of staff in the sandwich with a floor understood the pickle ? 
the chief of staff understood the floor ! 
a delicious sandwich wanted the sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled delicious floor in a fine chief of staff with every sandwich on the perplexed sandwich in the fine floor with the pickled fine pickled delicious sandwich on the floor on the floor in a floor with a delicious pickled fine perplexed fine fine perplexed pickle on a floor ate every delicious perplexed pickle on the president with the delicious floor on a sandwich under the delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff under the fine president ? 
a fine floor understood a delicious chief of staff in a pickle in a pickle under the pickle ! 
every chief of staff in the chief of staff kissed the president . 
the president on the pickle with a chief of staff kissed a president on the pickle with every pickled chief of staff in a delicious floor under every floor . 
a chief of staff kissed every fine floor . 
a pickled president wanted the pickle on the fine chief of staff in the president in the sandwich . 
every pickled fine pickle kissed a pickled fine fine sandwich . 
is it true that a floor ate the chief of staff in a delicious fine pickle ? 
the sandwich wanted a delicious perplexed president in the pickle on a pickle on a chief of staff with the pickled floor with every sandwich on the floor . 
a president ate the floor in a president with every pickled perplexed perplexed fine floor ! 
is it true that a fine pickled fine pickle understood a pickled fine perplexed perplexed pickled fine chief of staff under the perplexed pickled pickled sandwich with the pickle with a delicious pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff under a pickled fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle under a president kissed a president ? 
the pickled sandwich kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled fine perplexed floor wanted every perplexed floor ? 
the sandwich on a chief of staff understood the president ! 
a fine delicious president kissed every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine fine sandwich with the pickled perplexed president kissed the perplexed president under the perplexed president under the sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickle understood a president in a perplexed delicious president in the fine pickle with the pickle ? 
is it true that a pickle wanted a pickled perplexed fine floor in the sandwich under the sandwich on the floor with a perplexed perplexed delicious fine perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich under every delicious pickle under the pickle in the delicious president in the perplexed pickled floor with the perplexed floor with the perplexed floor in the fine fine perplexed president ? 
the fine chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed pickle with every president in the president with the floor under the pickled floor with a chief of staff in the fine president in a president with a pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff on a president pickled a fine president . 
is it true that the floor ate the fine chief of staff on every president ? 
the president wanted the chief of staff with the delicious delicious floor in the fine chief of staff on the delicious fine chief of staff in a pickled perplexed delicious fine pickled perplexed delicious sandwich in the floor on a pickle on the perplexed pickled pickled fine pickled sandwich on the pickle in a sandwich under a chief of staff with a pickled president ! 
the pickled sandwich kissed a pickled chief of staff ! 
a floor with the fine floor on every fine perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle in the sandwich on the delicious pickle kissed the floor . 
a chief of staff ate a pickled president under a pickle under a floor under a delicious floor under a sandwich in every chief of staff under every fine perplexed chief of staff with every chief of staff under the fine chief of staff under a floor under the president in a sandwich with the sandwich with the president on the floor in the pickle on a chief of staff in every chief of staff on every fine floor ! 
a sandwich under the chief of staff with every chief of staff with a president in a sandwich under the delicious pickled perplexed fine chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
every chief of staff understood the perplexed president with a president with every pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich under a pickle kissed every pickled pickled pickle ? 
the perplexed chief of staff pickled the delicious sandwich ! 
the floor wanted the pickled pickled perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted the perplexed president with a chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed president ate the fine pickle ? 
a sandwich in the sandwich under every perplexed president with the perplexed delicious floor on every floor ate the pickled pickled perplexed pickled perplexed president ! 
the perplexed floor understood every pickle . 
the perplexed delicious pickle kissed the pickle . 
the chief of staff in a pickled floor pickled the pickled pickle on the pickle . 
the president in every pickle under the delicious pickled delicious sandwich wanted a chief of staff with the pickled floor in the perplexed sandwich under the pickle in the president on a pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff on the fine pickled president kissed a perplexed floor ? 
the floor ate a chief of staff with the delicious pickle with every pickled floor on a sandwich with a pickled delicious sandwich on the president in every sandwich with every delicious president in every chief of staff in every perplexed fine pickled pickle under a pickled perplexed pickled fine chief of staff on a fine fine sandwich in the pickle in the floor under every delicious pickled chief of staff . 
the floor on every sandwich with the sandwich kissed a pickled delicious sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff under the pickled sandwich in a pickled president in the delicious pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
every pickle ate a floor . 
the pickled president with every floor ate the pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle ate the president ? 
every delicious fine delicious pickle understood the chief of staff in a floor under the perplexed delicious president with the fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled delicious delicious perplexed pickle ate the perplexed president ? 
a pickle under a delicious president wanted the sandwich ! 
a sandwich ate the delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich under every fine pickled fine fine chief of staff kissed every fine chief of staff ? 
a fine pickle in every floor with the delicious pickle in the president in the fine pickled sandwich in a fine perplexed chief of staff on every floor with a chief of staff ate the sandwich under the chief of staff with every fine delicious sandwich in the pickle . 
is it true that a sandwich in the president on the perplexed pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff on a pickled pickle in every president on the chief of staff in the pickle with a fine chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff under a chief of staff ate the chief of staff ? 
every perplexed pickled pickle ate the perplexed pickle ! 
the chief of staff on a chief of staff in a president in every pickled pickle pickled the pickle under the chief of staff ! 
every delicious fine floor understood the delicious chief of staff ! 
the perplexed fine president pickled the sandwich . 
a fine president in the perplexed delicious fine president understood the president . 
every delicious president kissed the pickle ! 
the perplexed chief of staff understood the floor . 
the perplexed floor wanted a pickle ! 
the fine perplexed pickle understood the floor with a delicious president with the sandwich under a sandwich under every fine delicious sandwich . 
a chief of staff understood the chief of staff under the delicious sandwich on the pickled perplexed president ! 
every president kissed a fine perplexed president in a fine fine floor . 
a sandwich in the sandwich under a sandwich in the sandwich with the floor ate the fine pickle ! 
the floor kissed the perplexed delicious president under every delicious floor on the floor ! 
is it true that a perplexed pickled delicious pickled delicious pickle on a floor under the delicious delicious sandwich with the pickled floor ate the sandwich with the perplexed pickled pickle in the delicious president under the floor under the pickle under the delicious delicious perplexed floor on every chief of staff in a chief of staff in every delicious chief of staff under a fine floor with the sandwich under a pickle in the chief of staff under a perplexed fine sandwich on a pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every sandwich ? 
the fine pickle with every floor on a pickled pickle understood the perplexed president ! 
a pickle kissed the sandwich . 
the president wanted the perplexed perplexed delicious pickle on the president . 
the perplexed chief of staff with a sandwich wanted the president . 
a pickle understood a pickled floor . 
the perplexed perplexed delicious president ate a delicious floor . 
is it true that a pickled fine perplexed perplexed delicious pickle ate a sandwich under the pickle under a floor under the chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed the president with the sandwich on every floor . 
is it true that every delicious chief of staff under the delicious pickle ate the perplexed pickle ? 
the chief of staff pickled the delicious president on the pickle . 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff ate the president ? 
a perplexed pickle understood a delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine floor with the sandwich on the president wanted the perplexed delicious chief of staff ? 
the perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle under the delicious pickle understood a president in the delicious president . 
the delicious sandwich ate the floor under a floor in the fine sandwich with every fine chief of staff on the fine president ! 
a president in a pickled sandwich wanted the sandwich under every fine delicious pickle under a floor with a fine perplexed floor . 
is it true that the pickled delicious president understood a floor on the sandwich with the fine chief of staff under a president ? 
every pickled perplexed pickle in a pickle kissed every fine delicious delicious president ! 
the floor ate the fine perplexed sandwich with the president ! 
a chief of staff wanted a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff under the floor on the delicious floor ! 
the delicious floor under a pickle kissed the sandwich . 
the pickle ate the pickled pickled floor ! 
the floor in a president kissed a sandwich ! 
a perplexed delicious perplexed pickled sandwich wanted the sandwich ! 
the pickled perplexed pickle understood a president . 
is it true that the president wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that a perplexed president understood a floor with every fine sandwich ? 
the pickled floor wanted the delicious chief of staff ! 
a fine perplexed pickle kissed every pickle under a chief of staff in every sandwich . 
every chief of staff ate a pickled floor with a sandwich under a pickle under a sandwich in the president in the chief of staff in the perplexed pickled pickle ! 
a president understood a chief of staff ! 
the pickle wanted a sandwich ! 
the pickle with the pickle on the floor wanted a fine delicious pickled perplexed sandwich on every delicious chief of staff . 
the pickled president kissed a delicious chief of staff under the fine fine president on the floor in a perplexed president under the pickled sandwich on a president with every perplexed perplexed perplexed president with the fine fine delicious perplexed chief of staff under a pickled chief of staff . 
the floor on the pickled chief of staff with the delicious pickle on the delicious floor under the fine pickle on a floor in every delicious pickled perplexed delicious floor understood every delicious president . 
the delicious floor kissed every pickle with the pickled president . 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed a sandwich ? 
a delicious fine president wanted the fine perplexed sandwich under every fine fine floor with the floor in every president on every pickled delicious sandwich . 
every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff in every fine sandwich under the pickled president on the fine president ! 
the president understood the delicious delicious perplexed president . 
is it true that a pickled delicious chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
the fine delicious pickled chief of staff understood the president . 
the perplexed president understood every floor ! 
the chief of staff on the floor wanted a chief of staff ! 
every president with the president under the floor on a pickle kissed the president . 
a fine sandwich in the president understood a president . 
is it true that the delicious pickled pickle understood a pickle ? 
is it true that the president understood every sandwich ? 
a fine pickle kissed the sandwich in a floor with the president under every delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the floor pickled the pickle ! 
the chief of staff under every fine delicious fine pickle on a fine delicious pickle on every pickled fine pickle with a delicious chief of staff in the floor under a floor on the sandwich on the chief of staff under a delicious fine pickled delicious floor with every floor in the fine pickle under a chief of staff with a sandwich in a delicious sandwich kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the president ? 
the delicious pickle kissed every floor ! 
the delicious perplexed floor on a pickled perplexed delicious delicious fine perplexed president under every floor kissed the sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor in the perplexed perplexed president on the pickled president with the delicious pickled chief of staff ate the pickle ? 
a president kissed the perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
a president wanted the sandwich with the president ! 
every sandwich in the fine delicious pickle with a president ate the fine chief of staff ! 
every delicious pickled fine floor understood every chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickle wanted a pickled chief of staff ? 
a fine pickled floor wanted a chief of staff under a pickled delicious sandwich ! 
the floor understood the chief of staff . 
the pickled sandwich kissed the delicious pickled delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine pickle wanted every sandwich in the president with the perplexed pickled pickle under a sandwich on the perplexed fine pickle with a delicious sandwich on every chief of staff under a chief of staff ? 
the perplexed delicious sandwich wanted the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the perplexed pickle ate a sandwich with a pickle on every sandwich on every pickled delicious sandwich in a president in every sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor wanted the fine pickle ? 
the floor on the floor ate every pickled sandwich in the perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle understood the fine floor ? 
a floor kissed the pickle under a delicious pickled fine fine floor ! 
is it true that every president pickled the president ? 
the floor wanted every chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a pickled president ? 
every floor kissed the perplexed floor on the perplexed delicious delicious fine chief of staff under a pickle . 
is it true that every sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
a delicious chief of staff on every chief of staff understood the chief of staff on a perplexed chief of staff . 
every fine chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
every pickle on a president kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president wanted every perplexed sandwich ? 
the sandwich on the delicious delicious fine president under the perplexed pickled floor on a fine pickle under a sandwich in every delicious pickled pickle in every chief of staff in a chief of staff on a chief of staff on a pickled delicious sandwich under every floor ate every pickled fine pickle . 
is it true that the fine delicious floor under the sandwich on the floor kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff in a president kissed the floor ? 
is it true that a delicious pickle in a sandwich wanted every delicious pickled pickled sandwich ? 
every perplexed president wanted every pickle ! 
is it true that a perplexed president kissed the floor on the chief of staff ? 
a floor understood a sandwich with the president on the chief of staff ! 
a perplexed fine president ate every floor under a sandwich on a pickled pickle . 
is it true that a floor in the perplexed pickled fine fine sandwich wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every pickled president ? 
a president wanted the chief of staff with a pickle with the delicious fine pickle . 
the delicious sandwich kissed the sandwich with the perplexed delicious president on the fine sandwich ! 
the sandwich kissed every fine president on the perplexed fine fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich in the president wanted a floor ? 
a delicious floor ate the fine fine pickled pickle . 
a delicious president kissed the delicious floor ! 
a sandwich ate the sandwich . 
the fine delicious pickled perplexed pickled fine chief of staff on a perplexed fine delicious chief of staff with the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled president wanted the pickled floor with the president . 
is it true that a chief of staff in every fine chief of staff with the fine floor in every sandwich on the president in every floor under the sandwich with the president in every delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff on the fine floor on a chief of staff under a perplexed floor wanted a fine sandwich in the pickled chief of staff ? 
the delicious delicious pickle in a delicious perplexed chief of staff on the delicious president under a perplexed pickled pickle on a delicious fine fine delicious president wanted the pickle in the president under a fine delicious floor in the sandwich in a pickled delicious perplexed delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff with the delicious president under the chief of staff in a pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed the floor ! 
the perplexed delicious delicious fine chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the president ? 
the pickled chief of staff with a perplexed pickle wanted a chief of staff in the sandwich ! 
every perplexed pickle wanted the floor ! 
the delicious floor kissed the delicious pickle . 
is it true that the sandwich understood a pickled fine fine fine delicious pickle in a sandwich ? 
a sandwich understood the pickled perplexed floor on the sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every fine sandwich under the perplexed chief of staff with every president ? 
the sandwich pickled every floor ! 
is it true that a delicious perplexed perplexed pickled president in a president with every sandwich wanted a delicious sandwich under the pickled chief of staff under a perplexed fine delicious pickled pickle ? 
every perplexed floor ate a pickle ! 
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
a sandwich with a perplexed fine perplexed floor with the floor in every president with the president in every pickle with a pickle with the delicious pickled fine chief of staff in a president in the pickle in the sandwich with the pickle on every chief of staff ate the chief of staff on the floor on every sandwich . 
is it true that the delicious floor in a pickle understood the president ? 
every sandwich on a floor with the delicious sandwich in a fine floor under a perplexed chief of staff under the sandwich under a president with the perplexed president with the floor on a pickled pickle with every perplexed delicious sandwich on the pickled delicious perplexed floor with the fine chief of staff in the sandwich kissed a fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed floor kissed every president ? 
a delicious perplexed sandwich in the pickle with the pickle on a pickle on every fine pickled chief of staff with the sandwich on a sandwich on a sandwich in the perplexed delicious pickled pickled fine pickle in every pickle with the floor with every president wanted a fine floor . 
every sandwich understood the pickle . 
a perplexed chief of staff under a delicious perplexed pickle understood the perplexed chief of staff ! 
a sandwich with a fine pickled fine president understood a floor ! 
the floor understood a chief of staff on a president . 
every delicious president wanted the pickled pickled sandwich . 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich understood the perplexed president with the floor under a delicious floor under the president ? 
the floor understood the president . 
is it true that a president wanted the pickled fine fine president ? 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ! 
every sandwich wanted a perplexed pickle . 
a sandwich wanted every president ! 
a sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
a pickle on every pickled president on every president in the perplexed chief of staff on a fine pickled fine perplexed fine perplexed floor with a pickled perplexed delicious pickled fine pickled chief of staff with a president with the pickle understood the perplexed chief of staff . 
every chief of staff wanted a pickle in the fine president in the perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff in the president . 
a president under a president ate every floor ! 
the pickled chief of staff under the president wanted the perplexed floor . 
the perplexed perplexed pickle ate the delicious perplexed president with the floor under every pickle in every floor ! 
the fine perplexed perplexed floor ate a delicious pickled president on a perplexed president . 
a floor on the perplexed pickled sandwich with the president ate every perplexed delicious sandwich . 
every president kissed every sandwich with the fine delicious president on the perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the fine floor with the president under a chief of staff wanted the president on the pickle on every floor . 
a president with every pickle in a chief of staff understood the chief of staff . 
the pickled delicious fine perplexed fine sandwich kissed every fine sandwich ! 
the president ate the pickled chief of staff with a floor . 
the sandwich understood the sandwich with every pickle . 
the floor kissed the pickled pickle ! 
a pickled floor understood a president ! 
the fine floor under the perplexed floor in the president on every delicious sandwich with every pickled fine delicious floor on the pickled floor with a floor on the fine president on a sandwich on a fine president understood every president . 
the sandwich in every perplexed perplexed fine fine pickle under the floor wanted the chief of staff ! 
the fine pickled fine president kissed every perplexed chief of staff under the sandwich on the floor in a floor . 
a floor with a president on every sandwich kissed every pickle ! 
is it true that every fine pickle kissed the sandwich with every pickle under a president in the perplexed fine sandwich in the president on the pickled floor with a chief of staff in the chief of staff under the fine fine president with a sandwich under every pickle with the pickle on a pickle in the delicious pickle in a fine president in a chief of staff in a delicious delicious sandwich with every perplexed delicious perplexed pickle under every fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious president understood the president ? 
a sandwich wanted a president under a chief of staff in the pickled pickle on the president under the chief of staff with every chief of staff on a fine chief of staff ! 
the fine chief of staff ate the pickled floor on every president on the sandwich in the floor under the perplexed pickled pickle with every pickle under every chief of staff under every pickled perplexed chief of staff under a floor in the president . 
every delicious president ate a pickle in a floor on the president . 
is it true that every president on the floor understood the pickled chief of staff ? 
a perplexed sandwich ate the fine chief of staff . 
a floor with the pickled perplexed president ate every chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted a pickled floor ? 
a president wanted the floor under a sandwich . 
the fine sandwich kissed a delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that every delicious pickled perplexed floor understood a fine fine delicious president under the delicious pickle with the pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich on the pickle on the delicious sandwich wanted the delicious president under every perplexed sandwich on the floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed every chief of staff with the sandwich under the fine pickle with every sandwich on the pickle in every pickle on a fine delicious pickle under the fine pickled delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed pickle ate the perplexed delicious pickle with the floor ? 
is it true that every pickled pickled chief of staff understood a pickle ? 
the sandwich in a floor kissed every chief of staff ! 
is it true that every delicious floor on a pickled perplexed pickle in a pickled pickled fine chief of staff with a delicious pickle under a sandwich in the chief of staff pickled the president ? 
a sandwich wanted every pickle . 
the floor kissed the pickled floor . 
a chief of staff with a sandwich wanted a pickled delicious president . 
is it true that the floor ate the floor ? 
every sandwich ate a pickle . 
is it true that a delicious fine president with a perplexed chief of staff ate every perplexed president ? 
is it true that the fine president wanted the fine sandwich on a sandwich on the chief of staff ? 
the president wanted a chief of staff ! 
the pickled pickle under the floor under the perplexed president under every chief of staff under the sandwich in a sandwich pickled a pickled sandwich . 
a delicious delicious pickle ate the chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickle understood the floor ! 
is it true that the pickled delicious sandwich on a president kissed the chief of staff in a floor on a pickled perplexed chief of staff in a pickle with the sandwich with a chief of staff in a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the perplexed pickle ? 
the sandwich wanted the fine perplexed delicious perplexed delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that every sandwich understood a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle understood the pickle ? 
is it true that a fine president under the president kissed a pickle under every sandwich with the fine floor ? 
is it true that every chief of staff understood the pickle in the fine pickle ? 
a pickled floor ate the chief of staff under a pickle with every fine president ! 
is it true that a floor under a perplexed pickle with the pickle understood the perplexed president under the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the floor under the fine pickle ? 
the sandwich ate the perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the delicious floor ate a president . 
the pickled floor in the perplexed pickled fine chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
every delicious floor understood every sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate every fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickled president ate the chief of staff ? 
every fine pickle understood the floor . 
the president wanted every sandwich under a delicious floor . 
is it true that every perplexed floor under the pickled fine floor understood the pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich under every president wanted a floor on every president in a president in the delicious perplexed sandwich under the chief of staff with the sandwich ? 
the pickled perplexed delicious president with a pickle with the pickle kissed a delicious pickle on the delicious floor with a pickled perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff in every sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood a president ? 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed floor with every fine perplexed pickle in the delicious pickle on a pickled floor wanted the perplexed perplexed sandwich on a floor under the floor under a pickle ? 
is it true that a fine fine perplexed president wanted every perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed delicious pickle with the fine perplexed pickle with the perplexed president ? 
the perplexed pickled pickled delicious chief of staff ate a pickled pickled delicious sandwich with the fine floor ! 
every pickled delicious pickled pickle with a fine sandwich wanted every pickle . 
the sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor kissed the president with the fine chief of staff with the perplexed fine sandwich on the chief of staff ? 
the president ate a fine delicious floor under a perplexed sandwich with a perplexed floor . 
a president with the president under a chief of staff in the perplexed fine president kissed the president with a chief of staff under the floor ! 
the president understood the floor in a pickled chief of staff in a sandwich ! 
is it true that the president understood a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed the president in the fine fine chief of staff on a chief of staff ? 
every delicious perplexed delicious perplexed fine pickled pickled perplexed president understood the president on a president . 
is it true that the delicious fine chief of staff under a pickle under every floor wanted the sandwich on a perplexed floor with the pickled chief of staff ? 
the pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled every delicious chief of staff . 
a pickle understood a perplexed pickle . 
the pickled president in a fine fine pickled fine perplexed pickle wanted a perplexed floor in every pickled perplexed delicious pickled president in a delicious chief of staff . 
the fine delicious floor kissed the chief of staff on every fine fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich under the delicious president ate a chief of staff ? 
the sandwich with every perplexed president pickled a sandwich ! 
every chief of staff in the floor pickled the floor . 
the sandwich kissed the sandwich ! 
the chief of staff wanted the perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickled chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every president understood every pickled president ? 
the pickled perplexed perplexed pickled delicious fine floor pickled every pickle . 
is it true that a delicious pickle wanted a delicious sandwich ? 
a chief of staff understood a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that every president wanted the pickle in the pickled president with the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff understood a floor . 
is it true that the pickled fine floor kissed the delicious delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle on a pickle in the chief of staff in a perplexed chief of staff wanted the delicious perplexed president with the perplexed delicious perplexed pickle ? 
the fine floor on a sandwich on the perplexed delicious president under every sandwich kissed the fine sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle wanted every president ? 
is it true that a delicious president understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff kissed every perplexed sandwich with the chief of staff on the president on the delicious delicious fine president on a sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed every perplexed fine floor under a fine pickle in a chief of staff ? 
a pickle in the president kissed a floor . 
the sandwich on the floor under a fine pickle kissed the chief of staff . 
every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich in a pickled perplexed sandwich with the chief of staff on the chief of staff under a perplexed pickled pickle on a pickle on the fine pickle wanted a fine pickle ? 
the perplexed perplexed president in the fine pickled pickled chief of staff in the delicious president wanted a fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
the sandwich understood the delicious president with the pickled delicious chief of staff with the pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the perplexed fine fine pickle kissed every fine floor in the pickled pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate a chief of staff under the chief of staff ? 
every floor wanted a sandwich ! 
a delicious chief of staff ate the delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor understood the perplexed fine perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine pickle ate every fine fine pickled pickle under every sandwich on the floor with the fine floor on a perplexed pickled perplexed floor with a pickled delicious sandwich with a perplexed floor with every perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
every chief of staff pickled every sandwich in the sandwich . 
is it true that the fine president in a president understood a pickled chief of staff with every floor ? 
the pickled perplexed pickled delicious president wanted the floor . 
a pickle in a floor ate a floor . 
every perplexed sandwich kissed every chief of staff ! 
a sandwich pickled every pickled sandwich with a president under a sandwich in every president ! 
every fine sandwich with the sandwich kissed the perplexed pickled floor . 
a president understood the chief of staff ! 
the floor ate a fine fine floor ! 
is it true that the pickled delicious fine chief of staff understood a delicious fine pickled floor ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich kissed a sandwich ? 
the perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed fine pickled chief of staff kissed a chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
the delicious delicious pickled pickled chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed delicious president ! 
is it true that the pickled floor on a sandwich under the president with a perplexed chief of staff understood a delicious perplexed president ? 
every pickled fine pickled chief of staff on the president with the pickled pickled pickled chief of staff with the president under the delicious sandwich on a pickled pickle wanted the chief of staff under a floor with a chief of staff . 
is it true that every sandwich under the delicious sandwich understood every pickled floor ? 
the sandwich wanted the fine floor ! 
the delicious president on the pickled pickle wanted the floor ! 
a fine chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
the floor kissed every pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled sandwich ate a delicious perplexed delicious delicious delicious sandwich under the pickled fine pickle ? 
is it true that a fine chief of staff with the president in a perplexed president on the delicious fine sandwich kissed every president under a president in a floor with the president ? 
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
the pickle in a chief of staff wanted the pickled pickled chief of staff on the sandwich under the pickle . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich with a sandwich understood a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president understood every sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle understood the perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed pickled pickled sandwich under the delicious delicious pickled pickle ? 
the perplexed perplexed pickle understood the pickled president in a pickled pickle . 
the delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a floor . 
is it true that the president wanted a chief of staff under a president ? 
a president wanted the pickled pickled pickle ! 
a pickle with the sandwich with the floor with a delicious floor under a president under a chief of staff under the president on the pickled fine pickle in the pickle understood a floor ! 
the pickled fine chief of staff ate a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious fine sandwich . 
the fine president understood the pickled pickle . 
every pickled president wanted a pickled floor ! 
the delicious sandwich ate a floor . 
is it true that the president understood the pickled president ? 
a fine sandwich wanted the floor . 
is it true that the pickle kissed a pickle ? 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
every perplexed fine president under the president in every pickle with a sandwich wanted every pickle ! 
a pickle ate a delicious pickle with the pickle under the president ! 
the floor ate a delicious floor under the president with the sandwich with the sandwich on a president on the pickled sandwich with the delicious pickled president . 
the president wanted the pickled floor . 
is it true that the pickle understood the pickle ? 
every pickle understood the pickle under the sandwich . 
is it true that the floor ate a chief of staff with a president in a president ? 
the chief of staff ate the fine president . 
a pickle with the pickled fine perplexed president in the floor with the perplexed delicious pickled delicious delicious president in every floor on every pickle wanted a pickle ! 
a delicious pickled perplexed fine sandwich in every floor under the president under a pickled pickle understood a president ! 
a pickle on a chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff with a delicious pickled fine pickled perplexed delicious fine sandwich under the delicious floor under a pickle ate the president on the delicious perplexed fine president ! 
the fine delicious delicious pickled chief of staff ate the sandwich in the pickle with every perplexed sandwich on a pickled chief of staff on a sandwich with the delicious floor in the delicious floor under the chief of staff under a chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor wanted every floor ? 
is it true that a delicious fine pickle understood the perplexed sandwich ? 
every fine perplexed sandwich kissed every floor on a delicious pickled president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff with a pickle under the floor with the chief of staff in the chief of staff in a delicious sandwich on the pickled delicious delicious pickle on a pickled sandwich with a delicious pickle wanted a pickled floor ? 
the chief of staff ate every pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted the floor ? 
a chief of staff in the pickle in the fine floor with every pickled president wanted the delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff on the floor ! 
the chief of staff kissed every pickle ! 
a fine sandwich kissed every floor with every chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious fine fine floor kissed every sandwich ? 
a chief of staff on every president wanted a fine chief of staff with a pickle on a floor ! 
is it true that the president on a pickled fine pickled sandwich with the chief of staff under the delicious pickled pickle pickled every chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich ate every sandwich ? 
a fine chief of staff on every perplexed fine floor in the chief of staff with the perplexed perplexed president under the perplexed chief of staff on the floor on a pickle on the chief of staff in the pickled fine pickled president under the pickle in the perplexed pickle understood a president . 
the pickled pickle wanted every perplexed sandwich ! 
a chief of staff understood the president ! 
is it true that the sandwich in every delicious pickle understood the president ? 
is it true that every pickle wanted the chief of staff in a pickled delicious fine perplexed perplexed fine president with the perplexed chief of staff ? 
a perplexed president kissed every fine chief of staff . 
every sandwich with the pickle under the perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff ! 
every floor ate the fine fine chief of staff under the pickled delicious president on a pickle . 
every pickled sandwich understood every floor on the pickle with every pickled fine fine fine pickled pickled floor with every president under every pickle on the delicious delicious fine delicious president with the delicious perplexed floor ! 
the floor understood the pickled delicious chief of staff ! 
a fine perplexed pickle under the sandwich under the sandwich ate a chief of staff on every floor . 
is it true that a perplexed delicious pickle under every fine sandwich under the chief of staff kissed the president ? 
is it true that a president understood every delicious pickle with the president with every fine delicious chief of staff ? 
the floor understood the fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor under a delicious chief of staff with a fine sandwich on every pickle on every pickled floor on a perplexed chief of staff wanted every sandwich under every delicious pickled sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff in the fine delicious chief of staff with the president under every perplexed pickle under the pickle with a pickled delicious sandwich understood the president . 
is it true that a sandwich understood the chief of staff ? 
every perplexed chief of staff with every floor ate a chief of staff in a perplexed pickle under every chief of staff under the chief of staff on the fine pickle . 
the floor on the fine perplexed president wanted the delicious sandwich . 
the pickle in the delicious pickled fine sandwich on the chief of staff kissed the president under the floor ! 
every floor in a president kissed a pickled floor with a perplexed perplexed pickled pickle under the delicious pickled fine fine sandwich . 
every chief of staff ate the pickle ! 
a delicious floor in the delicious perplexed pickled sandwich understood the fine delicious chief of staff . 
the pickle understood a fine president ! 
the fine fine delicious president wanted the perplexed pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a fine chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed chief of staff with every pickle ? 
a perplexed perplexed president wanted the delicious pickled pickle . 
is it true that the president understood the fine president ? 
is it true that the delicious fine president ate the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious delicious pickled perplexed floor pickled the sandwich ? 
a chief of staff ate a pickle . 
a delicious sandwich understood the president . 
a president ate a floor under the floor in a perplexed perplexed floor on the sandwich on a sandwich under the floor on a floor in the sandwich with a perplexed fine perplexed pickle on every chief of staff on the pickle with every pickle under the pickled perplexed pickle under a fine pickled sandwich on every pickled chief of staff under the floor on every pickle ! 
is it true that a delicious delicious fine delicious sandwich ate every sandwich ? 
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
a president wanted a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed president ate the perplexed delicious fine sandwich ! 
the fine chief of staff wanted the floor under a pickled pickled perplexed fine perplexed president under a president on every pickled floor . 
every sandwich on a pickled delicious fine delicious president ate a delicious chief of staff with the delicious floor ! 
a delicious pickled sandwich kissed every floor ! 
a pickled pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that a fine pickled president understood the perplexed delicious delicious floor on the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickled pickled sandwich ate the president with every chief of staff under the delicious perplexed chief of staff in the pickle under the chief of staff in a fine sandwich in a pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich with the sandwich in a fine president on the sandwich on every perplexed sandwich with the perplexed floor in the fine pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a sandwich ? 
a chief of staff under the fine delicious perplexed pickle on a chief of staff under a fine floor understood every pickled chief of staff . 
the fine sandwich wanted the floor . 
the president understood every president . 
the chief of staff in every sandwich under the fine president understood the floor in every fine floor ! 
a pickle wanted every perplexed president ! 
a sandwich understood the president . 
the pickle ate every perplexed floor ! 
the president in the floor in every pickled floor under every sandwich under the pickled president in a sandwich kissed a delicious floor ! 
the floor wanted the floor under the delicious fine delicious pickle with a delicious floor in the delicious president ! 
is it true that the pickle understood a president ? 
is it true that the pickle with a pickled chief of staff ate a floor ? 
is it true that the floor kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the president kissed a president with a pickle ? 
a fine sandwich kissed a floor ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the delicious pickle under the floor ? 
is it true that every floor wanted the sandwich ? 
the delicious fine president kissed the floor ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the pickled delicious delicious fine sandwich in a perplexed floor under the delicious floor in the delicious sandwich on the president in the fine perplexed sandwich on a sandwich ? 
every floor ate a pickled chief of staff on a floor . 
a sandwich on a sandwich with the pickled floor understood the sandwich . 
every sandwich wanted the pickle with every perplexed pickle . 
the sandwich understood the sandwich ! 
a sandwich wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled fine pickled delicious chief of staff with the president on a pickled sandwich kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the delicious floor understood the chief of staff ? 
every perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed fine floor ate a delicious floor ! 
the fine president pickled a pickled chief of staff in a floor with the pickled chief of staff on the chief of staff under a chief of staff . 
the perplexed president understood the sandwich ! 
the pickle on every floor ate every delicious pickle . 
the sandwich in a floor understood the sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every delicious perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that every fine delicious chief of staff understood a chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff on the chief of staff under a chief of staff on the floor ate the pickled president . 
is it true that every delicious president wanted the perplexed fine sandwich ? 
a chief of staff ate every sandwich . 
is it true that every delicious delicious sandwich wanted a floor in the sandwich ? 
the floor ate the delicious president . 
a floor wanted the sandwich ! 
a delicious delicious chief of staff wanted a delicious chief of staff . 
every pickled chief of staff in the delicious floor on a sandwich under the pickle wanted the sandwich ! 
a perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed the fine delicious pickled president under the fine delicious delicious pickle ! 
every pickle ate the pickle ! 
the delicious floor in the chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickled pickle in the delicious pickled pickled sandwich . 
the sandwich ate the sandwich in a pickle on every president . 
is it true that the pickle under the pickle on the pickled pickle understood a perplexed pickled fine fine floor ? 
every pickled pickle ate every president . 
a delicious fine pickle wanted a pickle ! 
a president pickled the sandwich ! 
every sandwich ate the sandwich under a perplexed president ! 
every floor ate every sandwich . 
a sandwich ate every pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich understood a pickle in a perplexed pickle under a floor under a floor ? 
is it true that a pickled delicious perplexed pickled pickle pickled every pickle ? 
a perplexed perplexed president kissed the president . 
is it true that a perplexed president ate the chief of staff on every fine chief of staff in the chief of staff with every sandwich on the sandwich with every pickle ? 
every chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff in every fine fine pickle with the fine delicious perplexed sandwich with the chief of staff with a fine perplexed chief of staff ate a fine pickled fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the pickled sandwich ? 
the sandwich under every floor ate a fine chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the perplexed chief of staff in a president in the sandwich under the fine president ? 
is it true that every delicious fine floor kissed the delicious delicious delicious sandwich ? 
a president understood the chief of staff . 
a perplexed perplexed delicious president on a floor with a fine pickle in every pickle under the delicious delicious floor with the perplexed president ate a perplexed pickled perplexed floor . 
the perplexed delicious pickled perplexed floor with every pickled delicious pickled chief of staff with a pickled chief of staff on the sandwich in the floor on a president with the chief of staff under every sandwich under a floor in the pickled president with every fine chief of staff on a pickle in the pickle with the pickled president with the perplexed delicious pickle with a pickle on the sandwich in a fine sandwich understood a sandwich under a pickle . 
is it true that a floor with the perplexed floor kissed the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the fine president kissed a delicious sandwich under a perplexed pickled sandwich under every perplexed delicious fine floor under a pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich ate the chief of staff under the floor in the delicious fine pickled delicious fine sandwich ? 
the pickle wanted a sandwich under a fine pickle ! 
is it true that every delicious sandwich with the sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
the delicious perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the fine fine pickle . 
every delicious sandwich understood a delicious president . 
the chief of staff ate a delicious floor ! 
the perplexed pickle in a pickle under the chief of staff in every perplexed chief of staff understood a pickle . 
the perplexed pickled president with a chief of staff under a sandwich wanted every pickled floor with every fine fine delicious sandwich . 
a president ate the chief of staff ! 
the pickled pickled delicious sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every president ? 
every pickle understood the pickle . 
the sandwich understood the pickle ! 
a president understood every sandwich ! 
the president in every chief of staff ate a fine delicious delicious fine chief of staff . 
the sandwich kissed a perplexed delicious president . 
a pickled chief of staff kissed the president ! 
the pickled floor kissed a pickle with the floor . 
the chief of staff in a sandwich kissed a president ! 
a pickle kissed the chief of staff . 
is it true that a delicious president wanted the president ? 
the floor understood the pickled chief of staff in every pickle ! 
the fine floor wanted a pickled perplexed pickle on the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled pickle kissed the delicious delicious pickled president ? 
every perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a sandwich on the president ! 
the pickle wanted the floor ! 
the pickle kissed the floor . 
is it true that a president on the president with a fine pickled pickled pickle wanted the fine chief of staff ? 
the perplexed fine sandwich kissed the delicious fine perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the perplexed perplexed floor with the president ? 
is it true that every president ate a pickle ? 
is it true that every floor kissed a perplexed pickled fine fine fine perplexed fine fine pickle in the fine floor ? 
every sandwich ate every president . 
is it true that a president kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious floor ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that every president wanted the fine fine delicious president ? 
a sandwich understood the sandwich ! 
the perplexed president on the delicious chief of staff wanted every fine floor ! 
a floor understood every floor ! 
is it true that the pickled pickle in the fine pickle pickled a president ? 
is it true that a delicious delicious president kissed the pickled floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed president on the delicious fine sandwich wanted a chief of staff in the fine floor in the president in a president in the fine delicious chief of staff on the delicious fine president in every floor with a president on the pickle on a pickled delicious president in every sandwich under a fine delicious floor in every president on the pickled floor under every floor under the pickled delicious sandwich on the fine perplexed perplexed pickled delicious floor in the pickle under a perplexed fine perplexed pickle with every perplexed floor on the perplexed chief of staff on a floor in every chief of staff on the president in the pickle under a president under the chief of staff with the fine pickled delicious fine chief of staff in the floor ? 
is it true that the floor on the president with a sandwich with the chief of staff ate the president ? 
the floor pickled the pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
the floor ate a pickle ! 
every pickled pickle kissed the perplexed sandwich in a president with a fine chief of staff in the pickle ! 
is it true that every floor kissed every fine pickle in the sandwich ? 
the fine pickle ate a floor . 
is it true that the pickle kissed a chief of staff ? 
the floor pickled the floor . 
is it true that the delicious delicious fine pickled floor wanted every pickled pickled pickle with the pickled chief of staff under every fine sandwich ? 
a president kissed a delicious pickled president ! 
the president under the floor in every president kissed a president ! 
the pickled chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich wanted a sandwich ! 
every sandwich kissed the pickled pickle ! 
the chief of staff understood a floor ! 
a delicious president wanted the delicious fine delicious pickled floor . 
is it true that the perplexed fine president ate the president ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled floor understood the fine floor ? 
the president understood a pickled perplexed sandwich on a president with a pickled perplexed floor with the fine president on a pickled pickle with the sandwich ! 
the president ate a chief of staff ! 
a pickled pickle ate a perplexed president with the pickle in the pickled chief of staff ! 
a perplexed delicious president kissed a sandwich ! 
is it true that a chief of staff with the floor on the floor on every perplexed pickled perplexed fine chief of staff understood a fine pickle ? 
a chief of staff on every fine chief of staff understood the floor . 
a pickled pickled pickled fine president on the delicious perplexed perplexed floor on a fine president kissed a sandwich on the delicious delicious fine fine chief of staff . 
every president in the pickle under the fine delicious floor wanted a perplexed floor under the pickle . 
is it true that a perplexed pickled pickle wanted a chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickled pickled president kissed a pickled president ! 
a fine president ate the sandwich under the pickle with a president . 
a delicious floor wanted every floor . 
the floor on the pickle with the chief of staff understood a floor ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled pickle kissed a chief of staff ? 
a perplexed fine pickle kissed a pickle . 
the floor kissed a president on the pickle . 
every perplexed pickled president wanted a pickled perplexed perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the president understood every delicious perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a president on every sandwich under the pickled pickled sandwich kissed the chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate the delicious president ! 
is it true that a perplexed pickle in the delicious pickled pickled perplexed delicious floor under the president in a president ate a pickled floor ? 
the pickle kissed every president . 
a chief of staff wanted a floor . 
the pickle in a sandwich under a fine floor on the perplexed delicious delicious president under the pickled pickled chief of staff on the president in a pickled fine delicious sandwich on the delicious sandwich on the pickled pickle on the floor on a pickle ate every president . 
the pickle wanted the pickled floor . 
a sandwich understood the perplexed sandwich ! 
a floor kissed the pickled floor . 
is it true that the president wanted the floor ? 
a chief of staff on the sandwich ate the sandwich . 
every delicious floor understood a sandwich . 
is it true that a fine sandwich understood the chief of staff under a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled chief of staff ate the fine delicious delicious pickle on a chief of staff ? 
the pickled delicious floor in the chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
is it true that a fine president wanted the pickle ? 
a sandwich in the sandwich in every chief of staff kissed every perplexed chief of staff . 
a pickled sandwich kissed every perplexed pickle on a sandwich under the fine sandwich in every chief of staff under a sandwich ! 
a fine delicious delicious pickled perplexed president kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that a fine president kissed every sandwich ? 
is it true that the floor understood the floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich on a perplexed perplexed floor with a perplexed delicious pickle kissed a sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled pickled chief of staff kissed the fine pickled fine perplexed pickled pickle ? 
the perplexed pickled fine fine delicious floor ate a president . 
is it true that a chief of staff on every pickle ate every delicious pickled floor under the chief of staff ? 
a pickle on the pickle on the pickled perplexed delicious floor under a president under a perplexed pickle ate the president ! 
the president understood the floor . 
a sandwich with a pickle kissed the perplexed delicious president ! 
every pickle in a sandwich understood the pickle . 
the chief of staff in the delicious sandwich understood the delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious delicious pickle kissed the president ? 
a pickled pickle with the chief of staff on a delicious pickled sandwich under every delicious fine delicious pickled chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that the floor ate the pickled pickle with a pickled sandwich ? 
a sandwich kissed every floor . 
every perplexed sandwich kissed the chief of staff under the sandwich under a pickled president in the pickled delicious delicious fine pickle with the floor ! 
every floor pickled a perplexed president on the floor . 
is it true that every delicious pickled delicious fine president ate the chief of staff ? 
a floor understood a pickled pickle in the perplexed president . 
a fine perplexed sandwich ate a fine fine fine chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled fine perplexed pickle ate a floor ? 
the pickle ate a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? 
every perplexed floor on the president under the pickle on the sandwich in every delicious pickle with a president with a pickled chief of staff pickled the perplexed perplexed delicious fine fine sandwich on the president ! 
is it true that a fine pickle with the pickled president on the pickle ate a president ? 
a chief of staff understood the fine fine delicious delicious president under a sandwich ! 
every perplexed fine fine perplexed delicious delicious delicious president wanted every pickle ! 
the pickled chief of staff understood a delicious pickle in the sandwich ! 
is it true that a delicious floor with the delicious president wanted the perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed president under every fine perplexed pickle on the president under the floor ? 
a fine president wanted a chief of staff with a perplexed delicious perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff under the pickle . 
the floor kissed the fine pickled floor ! 
is it true that every delicious floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every president in the floor kissed every chief of staff ? 
the perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff understood the floor in the sandwich under every chief of staff . 
a floor understood the fine sandwich on a perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff in a pickle on the perplexed pickled president on every pickled president under the perplexed fine delicious perplexed pickled pickled delicious pickled perplexed pickle with a president in the pickled sandwich under a chief of staff under the perplexed sandwich on a sandwich on a pickle under every chief of staff under a pickled sandwich with a delicious delicious fine chief of staff on every chief of staff under a delicious floor in a perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich with the sandwich in a president with a floor ! 
the pickled president ate every fine fine perplexed perplexed sandwich with the sandwich under the chief of staff with the fine chief of staff . 
every perplexed floor wanted the president ! 
a sandwich pickled every pickled president on the pickled sandwich ! 
the delicious sandwich ate the delicious pickle ! 
the perplexed perplexed perplexed fine perplexed fine perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff ate a fine pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich ? 
the perplexed floor ate the pickle . 
a sandwich kissed a perplexed perplexed floor . 
a sandwich with the president with the president on a floor kissed the floor ! 
every president with the sandwich ate a floor ! 
every pickle understood a pickle under the president . 
the president wanted a president . 
the pickled president with the pickle pickled the fine chief of staff ! 
the perplexed chief of staff on the delicious delicious pickled president in the chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
the pickled floor under a fine fine pickle with every president in the fine chief of staff understood the president ! 
every pickle ate the floor on every president on the chief of staff ! 
every pickle in a pickled delicious president wanted the president ! 
the pickle under every perplexed floor on the floor on a pickled floor wanted a sandwich ! 
the floor under the president pickled the chief of staff on every sandwich ! 
the sandwich understood the floor under every pickle under the fine sandwich ! 
the fine fine perplexed floor understood the pickled perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
every sandwich ate every pickled perplexed fine pickled pickle . 
the sandwich kissed the floor . 
the floor understood the floor in every delicious president ! 
every perplexed pickle kissed the delicious pickled chief of staff . 
every perplexed floor wanted the fine perplexed sandwich . 
the perplexed president under the chief of staff kissed the sandwich in the sandwich on the chief of staff with a fine perplexed perplexed sandwich in the floor with the floor under every fine pickled delicious pickle under every delicious president in every pickled pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
a president on a pickled perplexed pickle on a perplexed president ate a perplexed delicious delicious delicious chief of staff . 
the chief of staff under a sandwich understood the sandwich . 
every floor in the pickle understood a floor . 
the delicious delicious fine perplexed chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff ate a floor ! 
a president kissed the floor ! 
a perplexed president with every delicious perplexed fine pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
every perplexed fine pickled delicious floor ate the chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff ate the perplexed floor on the sandwich on every president on the president on the perplexed pickle with a fine chief of staff with a fine delicious pickle on the delicious floor with the delicious sandwich on the sandwich ! 
a pickled president wanted the perplexed fine pickled chief of staff with the president ! 
a perplexed chief of staff ate a floor on a pickle in the chief of staff with a floor in a chief of staff with a fine sandwich . 
is it true that a fine president in the perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickle in the president on the floor in a perplexed chief of staff on the fine floor on a perplexed delicious sandwich ate the chief of staff with a floor . 
is it true that the floor understood a president ? 
every chief of staff ate the fine fine pickle in the floor on a pickle on a pickle in every delicious sandwich on the perplexed delicious fine pickled floor . 
every pickled fine pickle pickled the pickled pickled delicious president . 
every delicious president on the pickle wanted a floor ! 
a floor understood the president . 
the pickled sandwich on every pickled sandwich pickled a pickle on the chief of staff ! 
the president wanted a floor ! 
a sandwich in a chief of staff under a perplexed perplexed sandwich with a pickle understood every chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff wanted the pickle on every pickle on a chief of staff in the pickled sandwich under a pickle ! 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
a floor in the fine pickle understood a president . 
is it true that every pickle in the president kissed the pickled chief of staff with the floor ? 
the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff under the pickle on the fine president under every fine delicious perplexed president on the president in every president under the chief of staff on the pickled floor under a perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff ate the chief of staff . 
every president kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich understood the pickle ? 
the chief of staff kissed a pickled pickled delicious floor ! 
a fine floor kissed a delicious delicious delicious perplexed delicious floor under the president under a fine pickled delicious pickle on the floor on every perplexed pickled pickled pickled sandwich under a perplexed fine president on a chief of staff in a chief of staff in every president . 
a pickle understood the pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed fine sandwich ate a perplexed fine fine delicious floor with every pickled chief of staff with a floor with a chief of staff on every floor ? 
every pickled sandwich understood a sandwich under the perplexed floor ! 
the pickled president understood the fine floor ! 
a fine fine president kissed the sandwich . 
a delicious chief of staff understood the president ! 
a floor wanted a floor in every chief of staff on the chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed fine president . 
the sandwich under every fine chief of staff with the fine pickle in a pickled delicious president with the perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff on every sandwich with a pickle under the pickle under every perplexed fine perplexed delicious sandwich on a delicious pickled pickle under a president with every perplexed president ate the delicious fine chief of staff ! 
a delicious delicious sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that a perplexed president wanted the floor under a fine sandwich with the pickle on the delicious pickle on the pickle on a sandwich ? 
a delicious pickle understood every president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate every floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the president ? 
is it true that the floor with every fine perplexed delicious fine pickled delicious chief of staff ate the floor ? 
every chief of staff pickled the fine delicious president . 
the fine president with the pickle in the perplexed fine sandwich with the pickle with a sandwich under a chief of staff on every floor pickled every president ! 
the chief of staff pickled every sandwich ! 
a pickle ate the chief of staff on the chief of staff ! 
a fine delicious president in the pickled pickled fine fine perplexed president understood the delicious sandwich in the president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the floor with every floor ? 
every pickle understood every president . 
a chief of staff on a chief of staff under the pickled floor under every pickle on the delicious delicious president under every pickle with a chief of staff with the sandwich in the delicious president with the chief of staff with a floor with the fine sandwich under a chief of staff ate the pickle . 
the perplexed chief of staff ate the perplexed floor . 
a sandwich ate a chief of staff . 
the pickled pickle kissed every pickled floor . 
a president wanted a perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff . 
a chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious president ! 
is it true that the president understood a pickled delicious perplexed perplexed pickle with every pickle with a sandwich under a floor with a delicious floor ? 
the fine president kissed a fine fine fine delicious pickled chief of staff . 
the fine president on a president wanted the pickled delicious president with the floor in every fine sandwich . 
the pickle understood a floor in every fine president in the delicious perplexed fine sandwich with a fine floor with the floor with the chief of staff in a chief of staff ! 
the president with the president in a delicious president under the delicious chief of staff in a perplexed perplexed president under a pickle under a floor with a pickle with the pickled president on the pickle ate a fine president . 
every president wanted the floor under every delicious pickle . 
the president wanted every president . 
the perplexed pickle kissed every perplexed fine perplexed president . 
a pickled pickle understood every chief of staff ! 
every fine sandwich on a chief of staff kissed a floor ! 
a pickle under the chief of staff ate the pickle in a perplexed pickled pickled pickled floor on a floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff with the floor on every floor under the pickled fine delicious delicious sandwich under a delicious fine sandwich kissed the chief of staff ? 
the pickle wanted a chief of staff . 
a chief of staff ate the delicious fine perplexed delicious sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed a perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff . 
every delicious delicious president wanted a pickled perplexed pickle in the president on a pickle with the pickled delicious sandwich . 
every pickle kissed the delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the sandwich under the sandwich under a pickle ? 
a pickled fine fine president understood a sandwich . 
is it true that the delicious pickle in a perplexed pickled perplexed fine perplexed floor wanted the pickled delicious delicious floor on the floor in a delicious chief of staff in the delicious pickle in the delicious president with every chief of staff in every fine delicious floor with the fine president on every president in the pickle on a fine pickle in every delicious pickle in the chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich with a floor on a pickled president in the pickle ? 
the floor under the fine president on a delicious president with a sandwich under the pickle in the perplexed perplexed sandwich with the chief of staff under the delicious sandwich understood every chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor pickled a chief of staff ? 
every perplexed fine perplexed president under every fine pickle under the pickle in the delicious president in every pickled pickle with the president in the sandwich ate the president . 
is it true that a chief of staff on the president under the pickled delicious chief of staff with a delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff under the floor with the pickled fine pickle with the pickled perplexed fine fine president understood the floor ? 
is it true that every pickle ate the pickle on a delicious president ? 
a pickled floor on every delicious chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted the perplexed pickled floor . 
is it true that every floor in the pickled sandwich under a delicious pickled president in a fine fine floor on every floor under every president with every fine perplexed chief of staff on the president with the president understood the perplexed pickle ? 
the chief of staff wanted a president under a perplexed pickle . 
the fine pickle in a perplexed delicious fine fine perplexed perplexed pickle ate the chief of staff ! 
the floor pickled the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed president kissed the delicious delicious pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich ate the fine pickled fine pickle ? 
the chief of staff under every pickle in the chief of staff in the floor with a chief of staff in the pickle on a sandwich with a pickled sandwich on the sandwich on a president on the fine president kissed the perplexed chief of staff under the floor on the pickle on the pickled delicious floor with a president . 
the sandwich understood a president . 
is it true that every floor wanted every delicious pickled sandwich with the perplexed president with the pickle in the pickle in a pickle in the president in a delicious pickled chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
a pickle ate the pickled chief of staff ! 
the fine pickled pickle wanted every pickle in the pickled chief of staff with a sandwich on a fine delicious delicious president on a pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled sandwich in the pickled pickle on a pickle on a president with the pickle kissed the president with every fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a fine delicious delicious president pickled the fine fine delicious floor ? 
every delicious president understood a perplexed delicious delicious delicious floor . 
every floor understood the delicious fine floor . 
is it true that every sandwich under a sandwich in every delicious delicious perplexed president on every fine delicious floor under a pickled pickled sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich wanted a president ? 
a perplexed pickled pickled pickle understood the pickled chief of staff ! 
the floor on a president ate a sandwich ! 
a fine perplexed pickled floor kissed every sandwich in a chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine perplexed fine chief of staff ate every chief of staff ? 
a floor wanted the pickle in every perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor understood a chief of staff on a perplexed pickled president ? 
is it true that a fine pickle understood the president under the delicious president ? 
the perplexed delicious fine pickled pickle wanted the floor . 
is it true that a pickled fine fine perplexed sandwich with a chief of staff kissed a delicious president on a pickle on every perplexed fine pickled pickled pickle on the president ? 
the pickled floor wanted the president . 
is it true that a pickle ate a president with the president with the pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff under a perplexed pickled chief of staff in every delicious fine pickled perplexed chief of staff under the sandwich in a pickle under every president with a sandwich under the pickled pickle ate a delicious perplexed pickle ? 
the delicious perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle . 
every delicious pickled pickled fine floor kissed every pickled pickled president under the chief of staff on the pickled delicious floor in the pickle in the chief of staff ! 
the perplexed delicious sandwich ate a floor . 
the pickle in the perplexed chief of staff on a delicious pickled chief of staff understood a delicious perplexed floor on the pickled fine pickled chief of staff on every perplexed delicious sandwich on the president under every chief of staff on a chief of staff on the delicious pickle . 
is it true that every pickle ate the fine president ? 
the perplexed pickled president wanted the fine pickle ! 
is it true that a perplexed pickled chief of staff understood the president ? 
the chief of staff understood a sandwich on the delicious pickled perplexed delicious fine president under every floor ! 
every delicious pickled delicious perplexed perplexed president kissed every perplexed delicious floor . 
a delicious pickled perplexed pickle understood the president on a pickled delicious fine pickled pickle . 
a perplexed pickled pickle ate the president in every floor with the sandwich under the delicious pickled delicious pickled pickle . 
every floor ate every fine fine perplexed pickled sandwich under the floor with the perplexed president with the pickled president . 
the sandwich understood the floor under every pickle ! 
the floor ate a pickled pickle in the fine floor ! 
a fine president kissed a president ! 
the fine chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
the perplexed perplexed pickle under a president in every perplexed chief of staff under the delicious sandwich in the chief of staff in a sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the sandwich in a president ? 
a delicious pickle understood every delicious delicious pickle . 
is it true that a floor kissed the chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff kissed a perplexed floor . 
the perplexed president ate the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff wanted a delicious fine perplexed floor on the floor under the president with every floor on the delicious chief of staff with the perplexed pickle under a president under the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled president in a chief of staff on a delicious pickled pickled chief of staff on a pickle with a pickle in a fine pickle in the president on the president under every pickle in a sandwich ? 
every floor understood the chief of staff ! 
a fine president ate the perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious perplexed president in the perplexed president under the pickled chief of staff on the fine president under a sandwich under the delicious president in every pickle with every delicious fine delicious delicious fine pickled delicious fine perplexed sandwich on a delicious perplexed fine floor under the fine delicious pickled president under a floor with the perplexed delicious president with the floor understood every pickled pickle with every president on the pickle ? 
every fine fine floor kissed the chief of staff in every pickle ! 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff wanted the perplexed floor with every president ? 
is it true that the president ate a pickle ? 
the perplexed perplexed president understood the delicious president . 
the president in the pickled delicious president with the fine perplexed president ate the president in a fine fine pickled pickled chief of staff in the floor on a fine chief of staff on every pickled pickle ! 
every perplexed president kissed a fine perplexed sandwich under the fine fine sandwich under every pickle in a floor on a pickled floor in the pickled president . 
the sandwich on a perplexed pickle in every floor with the pickled chief of staff in the delicious fine perplexed pickle on a sandwich understood every pickle ! 
every sandwich wanted a delicious perplexed fine pickled floor . 
a pickled perplexed pickled president understood the president on a sandwich with every pickled chief of staff . 
a sandwich under the president wanted every floor ! 
a pickle ate the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed floor . 
is it true that the sandwich with the sandwich with a delicious chief of staff kissed a president ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the delicious floor ? 
the president ate a fine perplexed sandwich ! 
the pickled delicious sandwich ate every floor . 
a pickle ate the pickled chief of staff . 
every fine pickle kissed every sandwich ! 
the delicious pickled president kissed a delicious sandwich in a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich in a chief of staff understood the floor ? 
the president under a delicious floor with the perplexed fine chief of staff pickled a sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the delicious perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that a floor on a president wanted every pickled delicious pickle ? 
the delicious perplexed floor with a chief of staff with the pickle ate the sandwich ! 
the delicious president ate a sandwich . 
every chief of staff with every chief of staff on the pickle on a floor understood the delicious president on the floor under the perplexed sandwich on a perplexed floor on a pickled pickled floor under a fine pickle on the fine delicious sandwich under the pickled fine sandwich with the chief of staff in the fine president with the pickle on every perplexed pickled floor on the perplexed sandwich in every president in a president on the president on a delicious chief of staff with every pickled floor on the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickled fine sandwich with every floor in the sandwich with a pickled perplexed pickle pickled a floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed president wanted every delicious sandwich ? 
the perplexed delicious fine delicious fine fine president pickled the sandwich under the pickle in the sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff with every pickle on a sandwich in the delicious fine pickle wanted the sandwich in the fine president on the pickle ? 
the pickle ate the floor in a delicious delicious chief of staff with a perplexed sandwich under the sandwich under a pickled floor . 
is it true that the perplexed president understood every president with every sandwich on a chief of staff with a president under the delicious floor under the sandwich on every pickled floor in every pickle under the president under the president on the perplexed perplexed pickle on the delicious sandwich ? 
a perplexed pickle in every pickle wanted every pickle ! 
the delicious president understood a pickle . 
a sandwich with a delicious sandwich under a pickled pickled perplexed perplexed fine pickle in the pickled delicious pickled pickled pickle under a chief of staff with every perplexed president wanted the pickle in the pickled pickle with a floor under every floor in a chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff kissed the president . 
the sandwich with a perplexed sandwich kissed a perplexed floor with the pickled chief of staff in every floor . 
is it true that a pickled pickled fine chief of staff kissed the delicious sandwich ? 
the floor on the pickle under the chief of staff on the president with the perplexed pickle kissed the delicious chief of staff with a sandwich under the chief of staff . 
the pickle ate every floor in the president on the president under the president under every delicious fine pickled floor on the chief of staff with a sandwich with a president with the chief of staff on a president in the chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff on the delicious perplexed pickled president kissed the sandwich with every floor ? 
is it true that a pickled floor wanted a perplexed chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff pickled every pickle on the pickled fine pickled perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine floor understood the sandwich with every pickle in the pickle ? 
is it true that a president kissed a president ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a pickle ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickle kissed a fine pickle on a delicious pickled floor in a fine perplexed perplexed floor with the fine chief of staff on the pickle on the pickle in the fine chief of staff with a president in the delicious perplexed fine chief of staff on the pickled perplexed president in every president on a perplexed floor with a fine pickle ? 
every president wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the sandwich ? 
a fine pickled pickled pickle pickled every delicious president in a perplexed chief of staff . 
the floor ate the sandwich under the chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich on the pickled president ate a pickle ? 
the delicious sandwich kissed a floor ! 
every delicious floor ate a fine fine delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a fine fine fine fine fine chief of staff kissed every sandwich with a chief of staff ? 
a floor kissed the perplexed delicious fine delicious sandwich . 
the pickled delicious pickled president understood a fine pickled pickled sandwich . 
every pickled delicious pickle understood the president under the sandwich with a president in the perplexed delicious president in a chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff understood every pickled perplexed floor under every delicious fine perplexed floor on the chief of staff on the chief of staff . 
every delicious fine chief of staff under the chief of staff under the chief of staff in every pickled fine delicious fine fine pickle in every fine fine fine pickle on every pickled pickle ate a pickled fine sandwich ! 
the floor wanted the floor . 
is it true that a president on a pickle ate the delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle with the sandwich understood a president in every delicious fine fine delicious delicious chief of staff under a delicious perplexed delicious pickle with every delicious chief of staff ? 
a fine pickle on the pickle kissed every chief of staff ! 
the floor in the chief of staff understood a floor in the pickle ! 
is it true that the floor ate every fine sandwich with the pickle ? 
the pickle kissed the delicious pickled delicious fine pickle ! 
the perplexed pickled sandwich under a perplexed perplexed delicious delicious pickle ate the delicious delicious sandwich with every delicious fine pickled perplexed president ! 
is it true that the delicious delicious floor understood every president ? 
every perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed every president ! 
every fine floor wanted a perplexed pickle with every floor ! 
the fine delicious fine delicious perplexed delicious pickled fine sandwich wanted the pickle . 
the sandwich understood a pickled perplexed president . 
a president under every perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the floor ! 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff wanted every pickle under the pickle in every pickle on the pickle with the pickle ? 
the sandwich with a delicious chief of staff under the floor kissed the pickle on every delicious fine fine fine sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed every fine chief of staff . 
the president ate a pickled delicious pickle on every president with a delicious chief of staff under a delicious fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed president ate the fine perplexed chief of staff on a floor on the sandwich ? 
the fine perplexed fine president wanted a floor . 
a president ate the pickled sandwich ! 
a pickled president ate a pickled president ! 
is it true that a fine floor ate a sandwich on the perplexed fine floor in the delicious perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the delicious perplexed chief of staff under a perplexed chief of staff with the delicious delicious president understood a floor ? 
the fine perplexed chief of staff under a floor wanted a delicious fine president . 
the chief of staff wanted the floor ! 
the perplexed fine delicious floor wanted the delicious president ! 
is it true that the fine perplexed perplexed perplexed president understood every floor ? 
a pickle kissed the floor . 
the chief of staff ate a perplexed pickled pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff with a president . 
a floor wanted a sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed the pickle on a floor with every floor ! 
the chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed perplexed fine sandwich . 
the pickle in a floor understood a pickle in a fine floor with the delicious sandwich in a sandwich with the pickle under the president ! 
is it true that the perplexed delicious floor kissed the delicious delicious pickled pickle ? 
is it true that a fine chief of staff in a pickled fine president understood a floor ? 
a pickled sandwich kissed the fine pickled sandwich on the delicious perplexed fine sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a fine pickle ? 
the chief of staff kissed the delicious pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickle under the pickle pickled a perplexed president with the pickle under a perplexed floor on a sandwich in a perplexed sandwich under every delicious floor . 
is it true that the fine floor kissed a chief of staff ? 
every fine floor with the pickled fine chief of staff on the delicious pickle ate a perplexed chief of staff in a president with every fine pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
every president kissed a delicious president ! 
a sandwich kissed the perplexed pickled sandwich in the delicious president ! 
every floor understood the pickle ! 
a fine pickled pickle in a chief of staff pickled a president ! 
a president understood a chief of staff ! 
the floor kissed the pickled pickle under the chief of staff with the pickle under a pickle with the perplexed pickle with the pickle on the fine perplexed floor in the perplexed delicious sandwich under a chief of staff on every president ! 
the floor on the sandwich in the floor with every pickled delicious fine delicious perplexed pickle ate the president ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled pickle ate the pickled chief of staff in the delicious perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff under the sandwich under a fine president under the pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious sandwich in the floor in a delicious pickle understood a fine president in every chief of staff ? 
the floor kissed a floor . 
is it true that the floor under every pickled president in the pickled chief of staff kissed every president under the delicious chief of staff in the sandwich on the pickled president on a chief of staff on the floor under the perplexed fine floor under the chief of staff with every delicious pickle with a fine floor on the delicious sandwich on a pickle in a delicious delicious perplexed fine floor ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood the fine chief of staff ? 
every perplexed fine fine delicious fine chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious perplexed pickled floor kissed every fine fine pickle on the floor ? 
every president ate every delicious floor . 
a president wanted the fine chief of staff . 
every pickle on the chief of staff on the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff with a pickle kissed the delicious president in a perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that a president wanted every pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed the perplexed fine chief of staff ? 
a fine perplexed sandwich under the president wanted the chief of staff . 
the floor under a sandwich on a perplexed pickle kissed the pickled floor . 
the floor wanted every delicious floor ! 
is it true that the president with the pickle with the floor under every pickle understood the sandwich ? 
the fine delicious pickle wanted the pickle . 
the pickled pickled pickled president understood the floor . 
a floor kissed a floor . 
the pickled president wanted the pickled pickled floor ! 
the pickled delicious chief of staff ate a delicious fine floor ! 
the president with a floor under the delicious pickled chief of staff with the chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff kissed the floor ! 
a president in a delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed the chief of staff with the chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff on a fine pickle with a president understood a delicious floor ? 
the perplexed pickle on the perplexed delicious delicious pickle under a floor understood a pickle with a floor ! 
the president on the president in the president under the perplexed chief of staff under a perplexed sandwich on the pickle on a sandwich wanted every perplexed floor on a president . 
every pickle understood a fine pickle under the perplexed pickle with the perplexed pickled president on the fine pickle in a fine president in every pickled fine sandwich in the president under the floor with the floor with the fine president on every chief of staff with a president with the floor ! 
is it true that the president wanted every chief of staff under a chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich ate the floor ? 
a sandwich under a president in a delicious sandwich in a delicious delicious perplexed sandwich in a floor wanted a perplexed sandwich on a fine floor . 
every pickled sandwich understood every pickle . 
is it true that the pickle understood a perplexed delicious pickle ? 
a floor understood the delicious perplexed floor under a floor under a president ! 
is it true that a pickle in a sandwich with a perplexed pickled delicious pickled pickle under a delicious pickled perplexed delicious floor ate the pickle ? 
a fine pickle wanted the floor . 
every floor understood the fine fine perplexed pickled floor ! 
the floor under a chief of staff in the perplexed floor with the sandwich kissed the president in a chief of staff with the perplexed pickle under the sandwich on a sandwich with the floor with the floor in the delicious fine delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff on the pickle under the perplexed sandwich in the sandwich in a president on a sandwich on the delicious pickled floor ! 
is it true that a fine president kissed a fine pickled president ? 
every fine fine floor with a president under the perplexed delicious pickled perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff ! 
every president in the president in the sandwich kissed a delicious chief of staff . 
every floor with the chief of staff wanted every pickle . 
a president kissed a president . 
the delicious chief of staff wanted a floor . 
is it true that a pickle kissed the delicious perplexed sandwich with a sandwich ? 
every chief of staff kissed a delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that every perplexed pickled fine perplexed fine delicious delicious president understood every perplexed pickle ? 
every perplexed chief of staff with a sandwich on a perplexed fine fine fine pickled president on the chief of staff under a delicious delicious president under every perplexed perplexed president in a sandwich on the president in every pickle in a pickle with the chief of staff ate the perplexed floor ! 
the sandwich on every perplexed sandwich kissed every pickle . 
every president on the fine pickle on the perplexed pickled perplexed fine pickle under every pickled chief of staff under a floor understood the pickle on the fine sandwich in the floor ! 
a chief of staff under a president in the floor under the sandwich kissed a president under every president in the fine chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff ate a perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood the delicious delicious pickle ? 
a fine delicious fine sandwich understood every pickle . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the pickled pickle with a pickled pickle in every perplexed delicious floor ? 
every president on the chief of staff with a sandwich under the president kissed a perplexed sandwich under every chief of staff in a chief of staff under every pickled perplexed floor with a pickle in the fine pickle on the delicious pickled pickle with a sandwich with the pickled sandwich with the sandwich on every chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff kissed a sandwich with a floor with a chief of staff ? 
a floor ate every perplexed chief of staff . 
a fine president under the pickled president under the fine pickle on a chief of staff wanted a president . 
a pickle on the chief of staff in the president kissed the pickled delicious president in a delicious chief of staff under the pickled chief of staff on a perplexed pickled delicious delicious pickle ! 
the pickled floor with the chief of staff in the president on the perplexed floor understood every floor . 
the president on a sandwich understood a fine floor ! 
the chief of staff ate the pickled president . 
the floor kissed every fine fine fine floor . 
is it true that the pickled pickled pickle on a chief of staff in a perplexed president under a president in the pickled pickled floor ate a floor ? 
is it true that a fine perplexed president on a pickle understood a sandwich ? 
the fine perplexed delicious floor wanted the fine pickled chief of staff ! 
a president kissed every sandwich ! 
the delicious pickled sandwich wanted the delicious president on every floor under the delicious sandwich in the perplexed pickled chief of staff with a pickled fine perplexed president in a perplexed floor under the chief of staff ! 
a delicious pickle wanted the pickled pickled sandwich ! 
a chief of staff pickled the perplexed chief of staff in every sandwich under the president under the delicious fine president on the pickle in every pickle with the perplexed floor on the president ! 
is it true that every president pickled the pickle in a floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff understood the perplexed delicious pickled delicious delicious fine perplexed pickled pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle on the president understood the president ? 
the delicious sandwich with the floor with a pickle with the fine floor with a president ate the pickle under the president . 
the fine pickle understood a president . 
a pickled pickle ate the floor ! 
the pickle ate the president . 
the president ate a pickle . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the sandwich ? 
the perplexed pickle on the chief of staff understood the president in the pickled delicious floor . 
the sandwich wanted the floor ! 
the sandwich on a chief of staff understood a pickled chief of staff ! 
every delicious floor wanted the floor ! 
the pickle with every pickled delicious chief of staff ate a perplexed pickle on every pickle with the delicious delicious fine president under the perplexed fine chief of staff with the chief of staff on the pickled fine fine chief of staff with a fine perplexed pickled president under a president under a pickled president ! 
the delicious chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich with a chief of staff . 
every perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate a delicious floor ! 
every fine perplexed fine floor wanted the pickled fine chief of staff on every pickled sandwich on a perplexed chief of staff on the president on the fine delicious president in every pickle ! 
a perplexed floor ate the pickle ! 
a floor understood every floor . 
the fine perplexed perplexed president understood the chief of staff ! 
a pickled chief of staff ate the perplexed floor in the perplexed perplexed delicious delicious sandwich under the fine fine pickle under a delicious perplexed sandwich . 
every fine chief of staff in the floor understood every sandwich in a pickle in a fine president in a chief of staff ! 
every fine sandwich understood a president in every pickle with a president in a pickled perplexed fine perplexed delicious sandwich on the pickled pickled sandwich with a sandwich in a perplexed sandwich with the pickle with the floor with a perplexed pickle in a floor on a pickle with the president . 
is it true that the pickle ate every perplexed delicious perplexed president ? 
every floor understood the fine perplexed floor ! 
the delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff under the sandwich in the chief of staff on the president on every fine president on a floor under every chief of staff with a sandwich in a pickled pickled chief of staff under every delicious floor under every floor in a president wanted a president . 
is it true that a president ate every floor ? 
the president on every chief of staff understood every floor ! 
a fine delicious chief of staff understood the fine president . 
a fine chief of staff with the chief of staff kissed the floor ! 
a floor ate the chief of staff in the floor ! 
the fine delicious fine delicious delicious sandwich on the perplexed delicious fine president wanted the fine president ! 
the president on the pickle understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that a chief of staff with every pickle pickled every sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate the fine sandwich ? 
the pickled floor in the chief of staff ate a floor . 
is it true that the pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff under the delicious floor with the president ate the delicious floor ? 
the delicious fine fine fine president understood a pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich under the sandwich ate a pickle on a pickle under a pickle on every sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff understood every floor on the perplexed chief of staff with every pickle in the chief of staff under every pickled president ! 
is it true that every pickle ate the chief of staff in the perplexed pickled pickled perplexed delicious delicious floor on every president in a sandwich with the delicious president on the chief of staff in the floor ? 
is it true that a president under a floor in a pickled president with a sandwich under the fine sandwich in a pickle in every president under the pickled delicious sandwich with a chief of staff in a delicious pickled chief of staff in every sandwich on the pickled perplexed sandwich in the chief of staff on the sandwich with the perplexed pickled pickled president in a floor on a pickle with every president under the floor in a perplexed floor on a fine pickle with a president on a fine sandwich under the pickle on a fine pickle ate a president ? 
a perplexed delicious chief of staff understood a floor with a floor with every sandwich under a delicious perplexed perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff on a fine fine perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff ! 
the president ate the president on a president with the floor in a perplexed pickled floor in a floor on a pickle on the fine delicious floor with a pickle on a pickled president under the president under the sandwich with the sandwich under a chief of staff under a president under a delicious fine chief of staff under the chief of staff with the president under a chief of staff . 
the perplexed sandwich under every pickle in every pickled president on the president in the perplexed pickle on a perplexed president under a perplexed floor understood a president on every perplexed perplexed sandwich ! 
the perplexed sandwich ate the pickled delicious chief of staff in the pickle with the fine chief of staff . 
a pickled delicious pickle under the floor on the president kissed the floor . 
a fine fine sandwich ate the president . 
the delicious fine delicious delicious delicious floor wanted a sandwich ! 
a fine pickled perplexed president understood the chief of staff . 
a pickled pickled pickle under a fine pickled sandwich in every floor wanted the delicious fine perplexed floor in every delicious sandwich . 
a pickle understood the sandwich . 
the president under a perplexed pickle understood a pickled fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted the sandwich on a pickle with every fine fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich kissed the chief of staff ? 
every pickled pickled chief of staff with the pickle in the chief of staff wanted a floor . 
every floor kissed every perplexed floor ! 
the delicious perplexed delicious perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
a chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the fine sandwich with the delicious president ? 
the fine pickled president understood every pickled floor . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a sandwich in the sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle under the pickled perplexed perplexed floor with a sandwich on the pickled fine fine floor ate a fine sandwich ? 
the sandwich with the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich in the floor on the fine pickle in the fine sandwich on the sandwich with a president ate every delicious president in a fine pickle on a sandwich under a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle with a delicious delicious pickle kissed the perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff ? 
every pickled chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled pickle under every fine floor . 
is it true that a president wanted a pickle ? 
the perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed floor wanted the president in a perplexed president ! 
a sandwich ate the floor on a chief of staff in every president with a perplexed perplexed pickle under every sandwich in the pickle in every delicious chief of staff on the president under the sandwich on the president under the sandwich on a pickled perplexed fine pickled pickled pickled chief of staff in a pickle . 
the perplexed president wanted every fine perplexed floor under the chief of staff in the fine fine sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle with the president understood every pickle ? 
a president wanted a chief of staff . 
the sandwich with a chief of staff on a chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
the pickled perplexed delicious perplexed pickle with the delicious president wanted the pickle in a fine floor in the fine delicious pickle in a sandwich in the floor in a pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed floor kissed every fine pickle ? 
is it true that a delicious floor in the sandwich wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that the fine perplexed chief of staff in a president in the fine chief of staff under the perplexed sandwich on the fine delicious pickle in the fine floor in every floor on a pickled president in the fine pickle on the president on a pickled perplexed president under the fine sandwich in the sandwich with a floor in the president under the perplexed fine perplexed fine chief of staff in a fine delicious perplexed perplexed floor on every pickled pickle on the pickle under the pickled perplexed delicious delicious floor on a delicious delicious president on a chief of staff kissed the floor ? 
is it true that every delicious floor kissed the president ? 
every pickle understood a delicious pickled sandwich with every chief of staff . 
every pickled sandwich understood the pickled chief of staff ! 
a delicious delicious fine delicious floor on the president understood every fine pickle . 
the pickled perplexed floor understood the president ! 
is it true that every president wanted the perplexed fine delicious president ? 
the sandwich ate a president ! 
every pickle understood the sandwich ! 
a pickle ate a president . 
a pickled pickle ate the perplexed president . 
is it true that a pickled floor under a floor under the chief of staff wanted every sandwich with the chief of staff with the perplexed floor under the pickled pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious fine delicious perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every floor ate the pickled president under a floor ? 
is it true that the pickle understood the chief of staff with a delicious fine fine chief of staff on a president in every pickled floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the delicious chief of staff ? 
a pickle with a delicious sandwich pickled the chief of staff in the floor ! 
the pickle on a pickle under every pickled floor in the sandwich with the chief of staff with a pickle under a sandwich on the sandwich in the delicious perplexed president on a chief of staff under the chief of staff with the pickle on every floor with a pickle on a pickled president wanted every pickle under a floor with the president in the floor . 
the delicious fine sandwich on the fine chief of staff under a delicious sandwich ate the floor . 
is it true that a fine fine pickle under a pickled perplexed pickle wanted the president under the delicious delicious president under every pickled chief of staff in the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff under a president on a pickle ? 
the pickled fine perplexed fine president in every fine pickled sandwich understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that a fine pickled chief of staff ate a fine pickle ? 
is it true that every floor kissed every pickled delicious pickle with a pickled fine sandwich on the perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich in a delicious pickled floor with the fine sandwich on the president kissed every chief of staff on the delicious president in a president ? 
is it true that the pickle with a chief of staff with every pickled pickle with a pickle kissed a pickled perplexed pickle ? 
a floor on a delicious pickled pickled delicious floor kissed the floor with a chief of staff ! 
the pickle understood a fine pickled sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood the pickle . 
is it true that a perplexed delicious floor understood the delicious president ? 
a delicious chief of staff ate the perplexed delicious president on a fine pickle . 
is it true that the fine pickled floor understood every pickled floor ? 
a president pickled the fine perplexed perplexed president ! 
a pickled chief of staff kissed every perplexed fine president . 
the floor wanted a fine fine fine delicious pickled sandwich ! 
the delicious delicious perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich kissed every sandwich ? 
the pickle with the sandwich on a sandwich under every delicious delicious pickle with the pickled pickle kissed the pickle . 
is it true that a floor in the pickled perplexed president understood the fine president ? 
the floor with the fine sandwich on every sandwich under a delicious sandwich on every pickle under a sandwich wanted a perplexed delicious perplexed fine floor . 
a chief of staff wanted a pickle . 
the sandwich wanted the pickled delicious president with every pickled delicious sandwich on the delicious chief of staff under a floor on a perplexed delicious president under the president ! 
the pickled pickled sandwich kissed a pickled pickle under every floor . 
a pickled floor kissed every fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled sandwich understood the sandwich under the president on the fine sandwich in the fine floor ? 
a president on a pickle in the delicious fine fine perplexed sandwich in a pickled sandwich in a floor wanted every delicious president on a pickled president . 
a fine chief of staff ate the delicious president . 
is it true that every president under the chief of staff in the perplexed delicious fine pickled floor with a floor on the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? 
the sandwich under a delicious sandwich ate the sandwich on the perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
the perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed pickled president ! 
a president understood the president under the delicious pickle ! 
the perplexed perplexed fine sandwich under a president with a delicious chief of staff in the delicious floor in every pickle on the chief of staff in the president with every floor wanted the floor . 
a chief of staff on the pickled floor ate a pickle ! 
every chief of staff kissed the president ! 
every fine president wanted a pickle . 
is it true that every fine chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? 
a pickle understood the pickle . 
a floor kissed the chief of staff ! 
every fine fine delicious fine sandwich kissed the perplexed floor ! 
the delicious perplexed delicious floor wanted every pickled perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich under the floor pickled a pickled president ? 
the sandwich wanted a perplexed president . 
a fine president pickled a floor ! 
the perplexed delicious pickled delicious sandwich ate the chief of staff in a president in the pickle under the floor in every pickle in every sandwich under a perplexed delicious floor . 
is it true that a fine president in a delicious sandwich under the pickled sandwich in the fine president under the floor on the chief of staff ate the pickled perplexed floor ? 
a chief of staff under the fine chief of staff under a sandwich in a sandwich under a delicious floor under a fine pickled pickled pickled fine chief of staff in every pickle on the sandwich in the fine perplexed floor with every fine sandwich wanted a pickle on the chief of staff with a sandwich on a president with every perplexed chief of staff ! 
a fine chief of staff ate the delicious fine pickled president . 
a floor understood every delicious sandwich in the delicious fine sandwich in the president . 
a pickled president wanted the president ! 
is it true that the delicious fine perplexed pickle kissed the pickled floor on every chief of staff ? 
a delicious sandwich on the sandwich under every chief of staff under a pickled pickle under a pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff in a fine perplexed pickled pickle in the perplexed sandwich wanted the sandwich ! 
a chief of staff pickled every floor in a chief of staff ! 
the delicious chief of staff ate a delicious perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a fine pickled delicious sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that every chief of staff under the pickle wanted the pickle under every fine president under a floor under the fine fine delicious fine delicious president under every pickled president on every pickled delicious fine floor on a president on every floor on the perplexed president ? 
is it true that a president in every fine pickled floor with the perplexed floor kissed every fine perplexed perplexed president ? 
is it true that a pickled floor wanted the floor ? 
is it true that every perplexed delicious president kissed the fine pickled floor ? 
the chief of staff kissed the pickled chief of staff ! 
the sandwich wanted a floor under a pickle under the perplexed floor . 
the president wanted a pickle on a sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle understood the perplexed chief of staff ? 
a president on the delicious president on the sandwich under the president on the fine pickle with the pickle on the fine sandwich with a perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed fine delicious perplexed perplexed floor . 
the fine chief of staff ate every perplexed pickle ! 
the floor understood a pickled president ! 
a pickle kissed a perplexed floor ! 
is it true that every delicious floor ate every pickled fine pickle ? 
is it true that a fine pickled president ate a pickle under the perplexed sandwich ? 
a perplexed fine perplexed sandwich understood the sandwich under every perplexed delicious pickle . 
is it true that the floor understood a pickled pickled fine chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate a president in the delicious perplexed pickle on every fine delicious pickle with a sandwich under the sandwich on a sandwich . 
the sandwich understood a delicious pickled fine perplexed pickled sandwich with the pickle ! 
the sandwich pickled every sandwich ! 
the delicious pickled president under every pickled perplexed president kissed a floor ! 
is it true that every president wanted the perplexed sandwich on the president ? 
the president ate the fine pickle . 
the sandwich in a perplexed president wanted the fine pickled delicious sandwich . 
the floor on a delicious floor pickled the perplexed chief of staff . 
every president in the pickle in the pickle with a delicious chief of staff with the pickle on the pickled floor in a perplexed delicious president in a pickle ate a pickled sandwich under a delicious president under a chief of staff with a delicious president under the delicious fine delicious delicious fine sandwich in a sandwich in the chief of staff under every president with the floor in the fine delicious sandwich under a floor . 
is it true that the delicious pickled president ate a president ? 
a sandwich understood a pickled floor ! 
is it true that every perplexed president kissed the perplexed president ? 
is it true that a perplexed delicious delicious delicious sandwich kissed the fine chief of staff under every president ? 
the sandwich in the pickle in the perplexed pickle on the pickle under the delicious pickled floor in the floor with the president with every fine sandwich in a fine sandwich under every floor on the sandwich understood a floor ! 
the pickled pickled pickle kissed the pickle . 
a floor with a president on a fine president ate every fine pickle under a perplexed sandwich . 
the delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff ! 
the delicious fine perplexed sandwich ate a pickle ! 
every president ate every pickled delicious perplexed sandwich with the perplexed fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich ? 
the floor wanted the pickled president ! 
is it true that every pickled pickled pickled sandwich understood the chief of staff under the pickle on a pickled delicious president ? 
every pickled chief of staff in a floor under the president with a sandwich wanted a perplexed sandwich in a pickled chief of staff with the sandwich under the chief of staff in the pickle under the floor ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich under the pickled floor ate every president ? 
the chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle . 
a pickle wanted the pickled fine delicious floor in a pickled pickle under a delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed delicious pickle with every sandwich kissed a pickled president in a delicious floor on the perplexed fine delicious chief of staff with the chief of staff with a pickled pickle ? 
a floor ate the perplexed perplexed floor ! 
a pickled sandwich ate the perplexed delicious president ! 
a pickle wanted the floor . 
the fine delicious sandwich in every delicious perplexed delicious floor with a fine chief of staff on a president under the chief of staff in the perplexed fine delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle under the sandwich with every perplexed chief of staff on the pickle on the pickled pickle . 
is it true that the pickled president on a pickled floor with every pickled sandwich wanted the president in a pickle ? 
the delicious sandwich on a perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted the delicious pickled floor . 
is it true that a delicious pickle wanted a perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich with the floor under the fine pickled fine pickled sandwich understood a pickle under the pickle ? 
every delicious floor understood the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ! 
a sandwich in the perplexed floor ate a perplexed delicious sandwich . 
the delicious pickle ate a sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff kissed a perplexed sandwich ? 
the pickle with a delicious pickle with the chief of staff on the floor kissed a fine perplexed fine floor ! 
is it true that every pickled perplexed pickled pickle understood the pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickled floor in a pickled fine perplexed fine chief of staff ate the sandwich ? 
the perplexed fine pickled perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted a sandwich ! 
the president in a delicious delicious pickle kissed the floor with the floor on every fine delicious perplexed president ! 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich in a president . 
is it true that the president understood a fine delicious floor in the fine president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff pickled the pickle ? 
the floor understood every president . 
is it true that the sandwich on the sandwich on the chief of staff under the pickle with a president in every pickle in the pickle ate the sandwich ? 
every pickled floor in every fine pickle understood the pickled pickle ! 
every floor kissed a sandwich . 
a president ate a perplexed fine chief of staff . 
the perplexed president ate a delicious pickled president in the pickle in a delicious sandwich with a floor ! 
is it true that the delicious president kissed a chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff on a sandwich kissed the sandwich on the pickle on every delicious pickled delicious delicious president in every sandwich under a president in the chief of staff in every fine sandwich . 
is it true that every fine chief of staff under every pickled fine pickle on a perplexed pickle kissed a floor ? 
a pickled floor with a fine fine delicious sandwich under a pickle on a chief of staff under a fine pickled floor kissed the president . 
is it true that every perplexed pickle kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president with a pickled delicious floor in the pickled fine sandwich on the perplexed floor understood a floor on the pickle in a sandwich under every fine pickle in the sandwich under the fine fine delicious sandwich ? 
a chief of staff kissed a chief of staff in every pickle under the chief of staff . 
the president on the pickled sandwich under a delicious delicious pickled delicious floor under a sandwich under every pickle on a delicious pickle under the pickled pickle in the pickle with a sandwich under the pickled delicious pickled delicious pickled sandwich on the chief of staff under the chief of staff in the floor in the chief of staff under the president with a floor under every pickle wanted a delicious chief of staff ! 
a perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted the pickled pickled fine fine chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickle on a delicious sandwich understood the pickled president on the fine floor with the floor in every delicious delicious fine floor on the perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich in the chief of staff in the delicious chief of staff under a pickle with a fine delicious sandwich on every pickle with every pickle under every pickle ? 
the delicious pickled pickle understood the sandwich ! 
every pickled floor ate the delicious sandwich ! 
a perplexed fine floor ate a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickle wanted the president ! 
is it true that a president understood the pickled pickle under every president ? 
is it true that the fine perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious floor ? 
is it true that the pickled fine sandwich ate every fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed president in the fine delicious perplexed sandwich ate a pickle ? 
a pickle under every floor wanted the pickle on the delicious sandwich in every floor ! 
is it true that the delicious fine floor ate every sandwich ? 
is it true that every delicious delicious pickled fine floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
the floor ate a perplexed sandwich . 
the pickled chief of staff understood the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff under every floor ate every perplexed fine fine delicious pickled pickle ? 
the floor under every pickle in the delicious floor understood every president . 
a fine president kissed the delicious chief of staff ! 
the perplexed floor understood a pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the floor under a chief of staff on every delicious sandwich with every delicious chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich on every president in the chief of staff wanted the perplexed fine fine sandwich on every president ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate the perplexed president ? 
a chief of staff under the fine perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff understood the delicious delicious pickled floor under a floor ! 
is it true that a pickle wanted a president ? 
a perplexed floor on the floor with the perplexed pickle in every perplexed sandwich understood the pickle . 
a delicious pickled sandwich ate the perplexed floor with the pickle on the perplexed pickle with a pickle under a pickled chief of staff on a perplexed floor on every floor . 
every pickled president under the pickle ate the sandwich in the perplexed delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
a delicious chief of staff ate a floor . 
the delicious chief of staff on a perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle in the fine perplexed pickle on every sandwich in every president under the president with the pickle ! 
the perplexed chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled pickle with the floor under the sandwich with the floor on the pickled pickle on a delicious president with the chief of staff in a chief of staff on a delicious pickle on a perplexed president . 
the perplexed pickle understood the perplexed delicious sandwich . 
is it true that every perplexed delicious fine chief of staff ate a fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich on every perplexed president kissed every perplexed president ? 
is it true that the president ate the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the fine delicious pickled chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff kissed the floor ? 
the delicious floor wanted a perplexed pickle in the delicious floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every sandwich ? 
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff understood the delicious delicious delicious perplexed fine chief of staff in a fine fine delicious pickle with the sandwich on a sandwich with the delicious pickled fine perplexed chief of staff in the pickled sandwich in every president on the delicious fine chief of staff ? 
the floor understood a pickled delicious sandwich in a perplexed chief of staff in the delicious president ! 
the sandwich on the fine pickled floor wanted every delicious floor . 
the delicious chief of staff under every pickle on the perplexed pickled pickle wanted the pickled pickled chief of staff under the floor with the pickle with a perplexed chief of staff under a president . 
the chief of staff ate a pickled sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood the chief of staff under the floor with a pickled floor ! 
the floor with a president in every president under the pickle in the pickled pickled delicious floor under the president wanted the pickle on the sandwich under every fine pickle . 
a delicious sandwich on a chief of staff on a perplexed pickle under a fine perplexed fine pickled delicious chief of staff ate a pickle ! 
a fine fine president ate every sandwich ! 
the perplexed pickled delicious sandwich ate the president with the chief of staff . 
is it true that every delicious floor ate the fine sandwich in a delicious perplexed pickle with a perplexed chief of staff ? 
a perplexed fine delicious delicious floor understood the fine president in the pickle . 
the chief of staff in the delicious pickle under the delicious sandwich understood the pickle under the fine president ! 
a pickled pickled perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff ate the pickled floor with every delicious sandwich in the perplexed floor . 
is it true that a president with every fine sandwich in a fine sandwich wanted a perplexed delicious pickle ? 
every pickled perplexed delicious delicious perplexed floor with a pickled floor under a floor in the floor in every president kissed every pickle . 
a chief of staff ate a perplexed president ! 
a pickled delicious pickle with the pickle in a chief of staff with the fine pickle in a delicious floor wanted every president ! 
the sandwich kissed a fine president under every floor in the perplexed chief of staff on the pickled sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood every perplexed fine sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle kissed the sandwich ? 
a pickle ate the fine floor under the delicious perplexed fine president under a sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted every floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every delicious pickled delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine fine fine perplexed sandwich in a delicious delicious pickled perplexed pickle ate a perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
the president on a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious floor understood the president under every floor under the sandwich under the president with a pickled pickled delicious sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed a pickled delicious fine chief of staff . 
the president wanted every pickled floor ! 
is it true that the pickle with the pickle with the chief of staff ate the sandwich on a pickled president on the perplexed chief of staff with the president on a sandwich ? 
every perplexed pickled sandwich ate the pickle . 
the pickle in a chief of staff on a chief of staff with the delicious floor under the pickle with the floor in the pickled pickle under a floor with the fine president on a pickled pickle under a floor under the delicious fine president under a sandwich with a chief of staff kissed a president . 
a floor in a chief of staff under the president kissed every delicious perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed delicious floor wanted the floor ? 
a fine chief of staff with every chief of staff under the floor in the perplexed pickled floor with the fine sandwich wanted every delicious pickle . 
the fine pickled perplexed floor ate the pickle in the perplexed pickle on the chief of staff in a floor with a delicious fine fine sandwich . 
a chief of staff wanted the sandwich . 
every sandwich understood every perplexed pickled fine delicious delicious floor ! 
every chief of staff on the pickled delicious delicious pickled sandwich in a pickle under a sandwich kissed every floor . 
is it true that the president pickled a floor ? 
is it true that the pickle on the president wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious president understood the pickle ? 
the fine delicious pickled perplexed pickle ate the delicious pickle ! 
the delicious sandwich in a chief of staff on the perplexed delicious floor understood a sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed fine floor understood a president on the floor with a pickle in a sandwich in the perplexed floor ? 
a delicious sandwich kissed a fine floor . 
a chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed sandwich ! 
a sandwich understood the pickled pickle . 
a president ate a floor on the pickled perplexed pickled president ! 
is it true that the floor in the president in the delicious pickled pickle with the floor with the sandwich in every sandwich kissed the perplexed pickled fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich in a pickle understood a floor ? 
the delicious sandwich on a sandwich in a delicious pickle under the president with the chief of staff in the floor under the fine floor on every pickle under the chief of staff kissed the president with the fine perplexed delicious perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff on every perplexed president ! 
the pickle wanted the pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed pickle wanted every president ? 
is it true that the floor in the chief of staff in the delicious pickle with a president on a delicious delicious floor on a sandwich with every delicious pickled pickle understood a pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle with a pickled perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff with a pickle on every delicious pickled pickled fine floor in every pickle understood the sandwich ? 
the perplexed sandwich wanted a floor ! 
a delicious president under the perplexed delicious president on the president on the pickle with the floor ate the pickled delicious floor . 
the pickle on a pickle under a fine fine fine floor with the sandwich with the pickle with the pickle with a chief of staff in every pickle ate the floor ! 
every floor pickled the sandwich . 
every president kissed a pickle under a pickle . 
is it true that the president understood a chief of staff under the delicious pickled fine pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff under the pickle wanted the sandwich ? 
the delicious delicious delicious sandwich wanted every chief of staff . 
the delicious fine perplexed president wanted a president ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle in the pickled sandwich wanted a pickled floor ? 
every pickled fine pickled fine chief of staff wanted a pickled sandwich ! 
the perplexed sandwich under a pickled president on a floor kissed a floor ! 
a pickle on every perplexed pickled fine sandwich under the delicious president kissed every pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich ate the delicious sandwich ? 
a delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the fine floor ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled pickled pickle kissed the floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed the pickled fine pickle ? 
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff in every perplexed pickled pickled fine chief of staff under the pickle ! 
a fine perplexed pickle understood the floor ! 
every sandwich in the fine president ate the president ! 
a president kissed a sandwich . 
the chief of staff kissed the fine fine floor on the fine president . 
every pickled fine chief of staff understood the perplexed pickled president on a delicious sandwich in every sandwich . 
every pickle under every fine delicious perplexed sandwich on the fine perplexed floor wanted every floor ! 
the pickled pickled pickle on the pickle in a floor under the pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich with the floor in the pickled fine president understood every sandwich . 
the pickled pickle under the floor with a floor under a delicious president ate every pickle ! 
is it true that a president ate the pickle ? 
a sandwich ate the delicious president in the sandwich with the chief of staff in every delicious fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled president ate the chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff ate every fine floor ! 
a floor ate the president ! 
is it true that the president on a chief of staff in a pickle under the pickle on the delicious president wanted a pickled pickled sandwich in every fine fine president with the fine pickled pickled pickled pickled sandwich with every delicious president ? 
a delicious fine pickled fine sandwich under the floor with the floor with the perplexed perplexed fine perplexed delicious delicious perplexed fine delicious delicious fine sandwich in a pickle with a perplexed chief of staff kissed a delicious perplexed perplexed floor on the delicious pickle ! 
a pickled pickle understood the president . 
a perplexed floor in every sandwich pickled every pickle with a floor under the floor ! 
a floor wanted a chief of staff under the chief of staff ! 
a sandwich wanted every chief of staff with the fine delicious delicious delicious pickled fine pickled fine pickle . 
is it true that the delicious pickle under the floor under every fine perplexed delicious fine fine pickle kissed every chief of staff ? 
a pickled president on the floor in every sandwich wanted a floor ! 
a president ate the floor ! 
is it true that every floor under the pickled pickle in a pickled pickled pickle kissed every president under the floor under the chief of staff on every delicious floor with every president with a perplexed sandwich on the fine chief of staff with the floor under the pickled perplexed delicious floor with every chief of staff ? 
the pickled pickle understood a sandwich . 
the floor understood every pickled chief of staff . 
the fine sandwich wanted a sandwich with the floor in a floor in the pickle ! 
is it true that every pickled delicious sandwich on every pickled president on the fine sandwich under the sandwich on a pickle under the pickle ate a perplexed fine delicious chief of staff on the pickled pickled floor ? 
a pickle wanted the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich ate a pickle ! 
every sandwich understood a president with a delicious delicious chief of staff under the chief of staff ! 
a president with the chief of staff under the pickle kissed a delicious pickled floor with every perplexed delicious floor ! 
the president kissed the pickle ! 
the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed pickled sandwich understood every president . 
the chief of staff ate the pickle . 
every pickle on every pickle under the delicious perplexed chief of staff under a president on every floor with the pickle in a pickle understood the pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every fine chief of staff on every pickled fine pickle under the pickled sandwich in a pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff in the pickle ate the pickled sandwich ? 
the pickle wanted the fine fine floor ! 
the delicious delicious fine fine pickled sandwich with a pickled president under the perplexed pickle pickled the delicious delicious sandwich ! 
a fine chief of staff wanted the perplexed floor . 
a perplexed sandwich kissed a president ! 
is it true that the sandwich in the chief of staff ate a perplexed pickle under the president in the perplexed pickled delicious pickled pickle on the delicious fine chief of staff in every delicious delicious chief of staff in the pickle with a sandwich ? 
the pickle wanted the perplexed president ! 
a chief of staff under the floor wanted every sandwich on a sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich understood a perplexed president ? 
a delicious pickled pickled floor with the floor understood a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed fine perplexed delicious pickled pickle on a sandwich understood a fine floor under the floor under the president in the sandwich on the pickled pickled perplexed floor . 
is it true that a pickled pickle in the president under the pickle ate the chief of staff with a delicious perplexed floor with every fine chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff under the pickle on every delicious chief of staff in every pickle in the delicious floor on the pickled sandwich with every delicious pickled pickle on a chief of staff understood every fine delicious pickled pickle on every president with the pickle in a chief of staff . 
is it true that a fine floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
a sandwich with a pickle wanted a fine pickle . 
is it true that the president in a chief of staff under a pickle ate a floor with the fine sandwich in the delicious pickle with the pickle under the chief of staff ? 
the delicious sandwich with the chief of staff understood a pickled pickled perplexed pickle . 
is it true that every chief of staff under a floor understood the floor on a sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed a perplexed chief of staff under the delicious chief of staff with a floor under a delicious pickle in the president ? 
the pickled floor wanted a chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled fine president understood the pickled pickle ? 
a sandwich ate every fine fine pickled perplexed pickled fine sandwich ! 
the perplexed chief of staff ate the delicious pickled sandwich under a delicious fine floor in a floor on a chief of staff in the chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff with every floor on every chief of staff with the floor with every fine pickle under a fine fine pickle ate the sandwich ! 
the delicious chief of staff pickled the pickled floor ! 
a fine sandwich ate the delicious chief of staff with a sandwich ! 
is it true that the president ate a sandwich under the perplexed president ? 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich ate the pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich in the floor under the sandwich under every pickle under the fine chief of staff in a chief of staff with a delicious chief of staff ate every president ? 
every president kissed the pickled pickle ! 
the fine pickle wanted every pickle . 
is it true that a president wanted a delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickled floor wanted the sandwich in every chief of staff with the pickled pickled pickle ? 
the president with a sandwich on the pickled delicious floor kissed a floor . 
every chief of staff wanted a president under the pickled fine fine president ! 
a floor ate the president . 
is it true that the fine pickle wanted the president ? 
the sandwich ate a chief of staff in a delicious president under the fine president on a pickled fine chief of staff with the pickled pickle in the delicious pickle on a sandwich with the chief of staff with a pickled sandwich . 
the chief of staff kissed a pickle ! 
a president under the delicious fine president understood the floor . 
every delicious sandwich under the delicious perplexed chief of staff with the chief of staff on every delicious perplexed perplexed fine delicious sandwich with the pickle under a delicious sandwich on a president in the pickle on the pickle on every delicious perplexed pickled sandwich kissed a pickle on every floor with the sandwich under the perplexed fine sandwich on a pickle under a sandwich with the fine pickle . 
is it true that the pickle wanted a chief of staff in a pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious fine president under the fine sandwich in the pickled chief of staff in a floor with a chief of staff under every perplexed fine delicious sandwich wanted a delicious president under the pickled president in the president with the pickled president with every pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff in every perplexed pickled pickled floor in every delicious fine delicious floor ? 
is it true that a fine fine floor ate the sandwich on the delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickled floor ? 
a perplexed delicious sandwich ate the perplexed fine sandwich on a pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff on the president under the sandwich under the sandwich under a perplexed pickle under the pickled chief of staff in a president with a chief of staff under a perplexed perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff under the pickled floor in the president on the floor . 
a delicious pickled chief of staff kissed the delicious pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff under a fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle kissed every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor understood a pickled pickle ? 
a fine floor on the chief of staff on every pickle on the fine pickle with the perplexed pickled pickle on the delicious pickle in the president on the pickle in the perplexed fine perplexed pickled chief of staff ate every president . 
is it true that a sandwich with the floor kissed every sandwich ? 
a fine fine pickled floor kissed every president . 
is it true that the delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff under a perplexed pickled pickled sandwich in every fine chief of staff understood the delicious sandwich ? 
every president ate every pickled delicious president with a pickle ! 
a president kissed the fine fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
a sandwich with every pickle under a chief of staff under every delicious pickle under a president in the president in a fine chief of staff in the president kissed a pickled delicious floor ! 
a pickle kissed the delicious floor . 
the fine fine chief of staff under a pickle ate a perplexed chief of staff on a perplexed fine sandwich under every delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff under a fine delicious delicious fine delicious pickle in a president ! 
the pickle understood the floor on the pickle under a floor ! 
the sandwich with the president in the pickled perplexed fine chief of staff ate a pickle ! 
a fine sandwich kissed every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed floor kissed the perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle understood the perplexed chief of staff ? 
every perplexed delicious president ate every perplexed sandwich on a perplexed president . 
is it true that the sandwich under a sandwich on a perplexed fine pickle in a pickled sandwich on a pickle with the chief of staff on the fine fine pickled president ate every pickle under the delicious delicious sandwich ? 
a pickled president kissed the fine perplexed pickle in every chief of staff ! 
a pickle with the sandwich pickled every sandwich . 
every president kissed the perplexed president ! 
a sandwich on a chief of staff on the sandwich under every delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted the pickled perplexed fine sandwich ! 
the fine delicious pickle understood the floor ! 
is it true that the delicious pickle understood the pickled sandwich ? 
the sandwich ate the delicious floor . 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff with the president in a pickled delicious sandwich kissed the fine pickle ? 
a chief of staff under every fine chief of staff with a floor with a pickle with every floor kissed the delicious delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted a president ? 
the fine sandwich wanted a chief of staff with the pickle ! 
the floor on the chief of staff with the delicious perplexed perplexed president under the perplexed floor in the chief of staff under the fine pickled chief of staff under the sandwich in every president understood every sandwich ! 
a perplexed pickled perplexed pickled pickled president under a president under a president under every chief of staff under the fine perplexed chief of staff under a pickle in the pickle in the perplexed pickle under the perplexed president on the fine delicious chief of staff understood the sandwich with a fine chief of staff . 
a floor on the floor under the pickled pickled president on every delicious delicious pickle in the fine floor pickled a fine president in the sandwich under the fine perplexed chief of staff . 
a president with the floor in the chief of staff kissed a president . 
is it true that the pickle understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that a perplexed floor on the pickle in the delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff kissed the president ? 
the perplexed pickled chief of staff with the perplexed delicious delicious floor in a pickle under a fine pickle kissed a president . 
the fine floor on a delicious perplexed president kissed the pickled pickle ! 
is it true that every pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
a president in the fine chief of staff in the pickled fine fine fine pickled sandwich in a president wanted the sandwich . 
the sandwich under every delicious perplexed perplexed floor kissed a sandwich . 
the chief of staff understood the pickle . 
every delicious delicious chief of staff kissed every pickle with a delicious perplexed pickle with a chief of staff on the perplexed pickle under a sandwich in the delicious floor ! 
is it true that the president kissed the pickled delicious delicious delicious pickled president ? 
the pickle kissed a president . 
every delicious president understood the president ! 
a president ate every perplexed pickled perplexed floor under every delicious floor ! 
a fine delicious chief of staff under the sandwich in the chief of staff kissed the floor ! 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious pickle understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious pickle in the floor understood the pickle ? 
every perplexed fine pickle wanted the floor . 
is it true that the president kissed a pickled floor ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the pickled fine chief of staff with the perplexed president under every chief of staff with the delicious chief of staff ? 
the president with a floor wanted the floor on a chief of staff in a perplexed pickle ! 
a fine chief of staff wanted every fine pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
the pickled president with the chief of staff under the president in a sandwich understood every pickled president on the pickle under the pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickled perplexed floor kissed a pickled perplexed floor ? 
the fine fine pickle wanted the fine president ! 
is it true that a floor pickled every pickled pickle ? 
a fine fine floor wanted every pickle ! 
the floor in a floor ate a perplexed pickled fine delicious pickled president . 
every fine pickle on the fine sandwich with every fine chief of staff under a pickled pickled fine pickle under a delicious pickled chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
every chief of staff kissed the president . 
a floor kissed the delicious delicious pickled perplexed president . 
a fine fine pickled fine pickled president ate the floor ! 
the delicious fine pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff . 
the pickled fine sandwich in every sandwich kissed a fine perplexed delicious sandwich in every pickle under the perplexed fine sandwich ! 
a perplexed pickled floor under a pickled perplexed fine perplexed fine pickled pickled president kissed the sandwich . 
a chief of staff understood a perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the president with the floor under a pickle kissed a pickle in the delicious fine sandwich ? 
the pickle ate a president . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickled president in a floor in every delicious sandwich on a pickled perplexed pickle with a pickled delicious perplexed pickled sandwich in a fine chief of staff in a pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the president pickled a perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a fine delicious perplexed fine pickled pickled president in the fine pickled sandwich on a floor on a fine delicious sandwich kissed every fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff pickled the sandwich under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every fine president ate the fine president with the delicious sandwich with a pickle with a president with a president in every fine pickle on every sandwich on a chief of staff under the sandwich with the fine pickled president on a pickle on a fine perplexed sandwich with every president in a president in every president with a chief of staff with every president with the sandwich on the delicious pickled sandwich ? 
a floor ate every fine perplexed pickle under a floor . 
a president wanted the pickled fine chief of staff ! 
the sandwich kissed the sandwich under the chief of staff in the delicious fine pickle under the president in the floor in a pickle with the floor with every president with a president . 
the pickle understood the delicious perplexed floor ! 
the fine pickled chief of staff wanted the delicious sandwich ! 
a president kissed a perplexed sandwich on the fine floor in the floor in the pickled perplexed fine chief of staff with a pickle in every pickle with the chief of staff on every pickle under every pickled sandwich on a delicious president under the perplexed chief of staff on a floor with a fine fine pickle with the perplexed chief of staff under every delicious delicious fine pickle on every fine floor . 
a pickled floor wanted the president . 
the pickle kissed a fine sandwich ! 
the delicious delicious president under a president in the chief of staff on the pickle wanted every pickle on the president . 
a perplexed pickled president understood the floor . 
the pickled delicious fine floor ate every perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled fine sandwich . 
every chief of staff kissed the fine floor . 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff in a delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff with the pickled floor wanted the fine pickle ? 
the perplexed president wanted a fine chief of staff on the floor under the fine pickled delicious chief of staff under a pickle under the fine perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed sandwich ! 
every president wanted the pickle ! 
the pickle kissed every sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood the perplexed president . 
every fine president ate the delicious fine floor with the perplexed president . 
is it true that a delicious pickle ate the pickled fine president ? 
every fine perplexed pickle understood every delicious floor . 
the floor with a chief of staff understood a president ! 
the chief of staff wanted the sandwich on the delicious president with a floor with every floor under the floor ! 
every chief of staff on a perplexed floor wanted the sandwich with the fine perplexed perplexed pickle with every delicious delicious floor ! 
the sandwich wanted the pickled fine delicious president ! 
is it true that the pickle ate the pickled floor ? 
is it true that the pickled sandwich kissed the delicious fine pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff ate the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled president understood the chief of staff ? 
the pickle under every president on the fine pickle wanted a perplexed president ! 
is it true that the delicious floor understood a fine president ? 
a pickled fine pickled perplexed pickled sandwich ate the floor ! 
the fine chief of staff under every chief of staff in a delicious pickle under the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ! 
a floor kissed the chief of staff with a floor with the chief of staff under every delicious sandwich . 
the perplexed floor under a sandwich on every floor ate the sandwich . 
a perplexed fine floor understood the pickle under a floor ! 
every pickle in a pickle in the pickle kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine chief of staff under the chief of staff with a delicious perplexed pickled pickle in every pickled delicious pickle in a sandwich in a fine fine chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich on the pickle ? 
every floor wanted the floor . 
every floor understood the president . 
a president understood a floor on a pickle with a chief of staff in a perplexed pickled sandwich on the pickled fine chief of staff in a president . 
is it true that a sandwich ate every pickle with every sandwich in the pickle ? 
the floor ate the president . 
the perplexed president understood the pickle . 
the fine president kissed the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that a floor kissed the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich under the president understood a delicious pickle with the delicious sandwich with the fine pickled sandwich with the pickled delicious floor ? 
the perplexed floor understood the pickled fine pickled chief of staff ! 
a president understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious fine floor understood the pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich with the sandwich with the floor with the pickled floor ate every delicious floor ? 
a fine pickled perplexed sandwich ate a president with a floor in a delicious floor ! 
the pickled president on the perplexed floor understood the floor . 
a pickle in the pickle pickled the pickle . 
every president wanted the floor ! 
is it true that a chief of staff under a floor wanted every pickle on the fine chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff wanted the president ! 
is it true that every perplexed delicious perplexed fine president understood the fine fine delicious floor ? 
is it true that the floor with the delicious pickled pickled chief of staff with the perplexed floor in the sandwich under the chief of staff in a fine fine floor in a president under the pickled delicious president in the chief of staff with the sandwich in the floor with a chief of staff under a floor under the chief of staff wanted every sandwich ? 
is it true that the president understood the fine president ? 
a perplexed floor under the sandwich understood a pickled delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff in a delicious floor on the pickle . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the perplexed fine pickle ? 
a sandwich on every chief of staff under every pickle on every floor wanted the pickled floor with the perplexed floor with a chief of staff on a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate a president ? 
the chief of staff understood the fine fine pickled pickle on the delicious perplexed delicious president on the chief of staff with a chief of staff with a perplexed sandwich on a fine pickled floor with a sandwich in a perplexed delicious fine president in the chief of staff . 
every president kissed a perplexed fine pickled fine floor ! 
a sandwich understood the president in a president under every president . 
every pickled perplexed sandwich wanted a president under a president in the president ! 
a president with a sandwich kissed the perplexed president . 
a president ate a perplexed president . 
is it true that the pickle in the pickled perplexed pickled fine chief of staff kissed every perplexed sandwich with every president ? 
the pickled pickled pickled president ate the fine pickled perplexed sandwich with the delicious pickled delicious pickle under a sandwich . 
the pickle kissed the sandwich with the floor in every sandwich . 
a sandwich wanted the floor . 
the floor wanted the delicious president with a delicious sandwich in a fine delicious chief of staff under a fine pickled perplexed floor . 
the chief of staff on every delicious perplexed sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
every president ate the pickle . 
every sandwich understood a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle on the president on the delicious fine president on the fine perplexed perplexed fine perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious delicious pickle in the chief of staff on the president on a fine president under a delicious chief of staff on the president in every floor kissed a pickled floor ? 
a floor kissed a fine pickled sandwich . 
the delicious fine delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff on the sandwich kissed the chief of staff in the delicious delicious floor in a perplexed fine pickle on a pickle with a sandwich under a pickled president under every perplexed president under a floor in the delicious sandwich under the sandwich under the chief of staff under the sandwich in a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate the fine pickled fine perplexed pickled delicious perplexed sandwich ? 
every floor pickled the pickle . 
a chief of staff ate the floor under the delicious pickled chief of staff with the perplexed floor on every fine fine delicious floor under the sandwich on the delicious chief of staff on the floor under the floor on the sandwich with the president on the president . 
the pickled sandwich wanted the chief of staff under a chief of staff on the floor in the sandwich on a delicious chief of staff on the delicious president with the delicious floor with every delicious fine floor ! 
the pickle kissed the president . 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
the sandwich in the pickle understood every fine sandwich under a president under the fine fine pickled delicious pickled fine perplexed perplexed pickled fine floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed president ate the delicious floor ? 
the delicious pickle understood the sandwich with the delicious delicious sandwich in a chief of staff under every fine sandwich on the pickled fine delicious sandwich in the perplexed perplexed floor with every delicious pickled perplexed pickled floor with a delicious fine perplexed president with the floor in the perplexed floor on the perplexed perplexed president . 
the sandwich under a delicious delicious sandwich with every fine pickle with the fine floor wanted a president in the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the chief of staff in the chief of staff in the pickle on a chief of staff in every sandwich under the perplexed perplexed president under a fine chief of staff in the chief of staff under the pickle under a fine pickle under a perplexed floor on the fine floor under the pickled pickled chief of staff with a delicious sandwich with a perplexed floor ? 
is it true that every floor understood every pickled sandwich ? 
the chief of staff on a perplexed fine chief of staff ate the fine sandwich ! 
every fine sandwich kissed every sandwich . 
a perplexed pickled fine pickled floor wanted a floor ! 
a chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
is it true that a delicious delicious fine fine pickled floor on a floor in every floor ate the delicious floor ? 
is it true that the president with a fine sandwich in the floor in the chief of staff kissed the delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate the president ? 
the perplexed floor understood the chief of staff ! 
a perplexed president on a pickled floor understood the floor under the delicious pickled fine floor in a sandwich with the chief of staff under every chief of staff under the delicious delicious fine president on a president in a delicious delicious fine chief of staff ! 
the sandwich with the chief of staff on the floor ate every pickled fine pickle with the floor with a pickled pickled president under the sandwich under a chief of staff under every sandwich under the sandwich on a pickled fine floor under the floor with a president in the president ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood a perplexed pickled pickled president ? 
every pickled pickled sandwich in the chief of staff understood a pickle on the president under the sandwich with a fine floor under every fine floor on every chief of staff in a fine sandwich on a chief of staff with every perplexed floor on the pickled fine pickle under the president on the floor on the pickle under the pickle under the perplexed delicious floor in a chief of staff on the chief of staff on a pickle with every perplexed sandwich under the president in a perplexed perplexed sandwich on a perplexed sandwich in a fine delicious fine president . 
the pickle ate every pickle ! 
every perplexed chief of staff ate a president ! 
the fine floor under the sandwich wanted a pickle . 
the pickle on every floor on a fine delicious president on a delicious delicious chief of staff with a pickle on a perplexed pickle on a delicious delicious pickle understood every pickled president under the sandwich in the president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the pickle on a president ? 
the pickled floor ate the sandwich on a fine floor ! 
a delicious chief of staff wanted a floor under a fine sandwich under the pickled floor under a fine delicious perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff under the president ! 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff in the president wanted the pickled floor in the pickled sandwich under the pickled delicious president ? 
is it true that the pickle in the delicious fine president in every fine pickle in the perplexed pickle understood the sandwich ? 
the pickled president on the chief of staff with the pickled fine fine chief of staff wanted the sandwich . 
the fine chief of staff kissed a pickled president with a fine delicious pickled fine sandwich on the fine chief of staff . 
a pickle ate the sandwich . 
is it true that a pickled president in the fine floor with the perplexed floor understood a fine floor ? 
is it true that the delicious floor under a delicious president under the sandwich in a president kissed a delicious pickle on a president on the fine fine delicious president ? 
the president kissed the president ! 
every pickle wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle in the floor under the president on a floor on the fine floor kissed the perplexed delicious pickle on a floor on a president in the chief of staff on the delicious delicious floor on the floor in the president ? 
is it true that the fine pickled fine pickled sandwich on every perplexed chief of staff ate a fine sandwich ? 
every pickle kissed a delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
the perplexed floor ate a perplexed pickled floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle in the pickle with the pickled fine perplexed pickled delicious fine sandwich with every pickled delicious delicious floor in a perplexed chief of staff with the pickle with the president with every sandwich in a president in the chief of staff with every sandwich under the pickle under the pickle in the sandwich in the pickle understood the perplexed sandwich in a pickle on a fine floor on the sandwich under a floor in the perplexed fine perplexed president under the president under the fine chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
the fine chief of staff on a pickled floor under a pickled floor with every fine chief of staff in a floor on every perplexed pickle in the president on a delicious floor under every chief of staff on the sandwich under a president in the chief of staff ate the pickled pickled fine pickle ! 
a fine pickled delicious sandwich ate a pickle ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate a floor ? 
the chief of staff under the floor under every floor under a floor ate the delicious pickle under the sandwich . 
every chief of staff ate every sandwich ! 
every floor understood the pickle ! 
the pickled floor understood the chief of staff ! 
the delicious floor on the president in every fine fine president on a sandwich in the sandwich under the sandwich with every delicious pickled sandwich with the fine floor on the floor wanted the pickled delicious perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
a delicious pickled pickle ate a pickled sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood the president on the delicious chief of staff . 
every delicious fine fine pickle kissed a sandwich . 
a delicious pickled president on the pickled president under a president on every pickle in the sandwich with every sandwich wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious president on the sandwich under the perplexed pickled perplexed pickle pickled the sandwich on a floor under a perplexed president on the sandwich on a president under every fine pickle on a president with the perplexed president on every delicious fine president with the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine perplexed fine floor kissed the pickled fine floor ? 
is it true that every pickle understood a chief of staff ? 
a president under a pickled fine pickle with every president in the delicious perplexed sandwich on a president on every sandwich in the perplexed pickled president ate a delicious fine pickle in the delicious delicious chief of staff under the pickle under the pickle . 
the delicious president wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate a sandwich in every perplexed sandwich ? 
the delicious president understood a pickle under the chief of staff under a pickle in the floor in a perplexed floor . 
the president understood the delicious pickled president under the fine fine delicious pickle with the chief of staff in the pickle . 
a floor wanted every fine chief of staff in a pickled perplexed fine pickled sandwich . 
a fine president kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that the president under the perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed floor understood a pickled chief of staff in a pickled pickled sandwich under the pickle on a president ? 
a perplexed pickled sandwich on every fine delicious sandwich understood a perplexed president under a floor in the fine chief of staff on a president on a president with a fine fine pickled floor on a chief of staff in every perplexed president under a perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the president ate the perplexed pickled pickled floor ? 
the chief of staff ate the sandwich on the president ! 
a sandwich wanted the chief of staff in a floor with a sandwich ! 
the perplexed chief of staff with every president on the pickle understood the perplexed president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a sandwich ? 
the floor kissed every chief of staff . 
the floor on a delicious floor with a sandwich under a delicious chief of staff under the delicious sandwich on a fine chief of staff under the president under a pickle in a delicious pickled chief of staff on a president with a floor in a president with the pickle wanted every chief of staff . 
the floor under every pickle with a perplexed delicious president on the perplexed pickle in every pickle with the perplexed pickled pickled perplexed fine pickle in the sandwich under the sandwich on every pickled floor in a sandwich with the chief of staff in the pickle on the sandwich on the president under the pickle on the sandwich on the perplexed floor understood a delicious fine chief of staff . 
the chief of staff in a pickled sandwich under a chief of staff understood every pickle with every sandwich ! 
a sandwich understood every chief of staff ! 
a fine president under the chief of staff kissed a floor ! 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff in the sandwich wanted the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickled fine pickled perplexed delicious floor kissed the chief of staff ? 
the fine pickle with the pickle with every fine president under a pickle pickled the president on a perplexed chief of staff under the pickle with the perplexed delicious delicious sandwich with every pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a delicious pickle ? 
the sandwich kissed the floor . 
the delicious chief of staff understood a fine floor . 
a delicious pickle under every president wanted every chief of staff ! 
is it true that every floor on a chief of staff under the delicious sandwich with the pickled pickled floor in every pickle on the pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff understood the pickled sandwich ? 
the chief of staff ate the president under every pickled floor . 
the fine sandwich under every pickle with a fine chief of staff on a pickle under a perplexed sandwich understood a chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every floor ? 
the pickle understood a pickled delicious president on a chief of staff . 
the floor ate the pickled perplexed perplexed president in the fine fine delicious perplexed pickle in the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor understood every pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious pickled pickled pickled president ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed pickle with a president on every chief of staff under the sandwich in a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every fine perplexed pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
a floor wanted every floor in the delicious perplexed fine president . 
is it true that the pickle on the sandwich on a pickled president on a floor understood the president on the sandwich in the sandwich ? 
every fine perplexed delicious pickled perplexed fine delicious fine chief of staff with every perplexed perplexed chief of staff in a sandwich under a pickle ate the perplexed sandwich ! 
the pickled sandwich under the delicious delicious chief of staff ate the floor . 
is it true that the floor on the delicious pickle kissed the pickle under a fine chief of staff on a fine delicious floor on the pickled delicious perplexed sandwich on every floor in the fine fine chief of staff on the floor on the chief of staff in a pickle in the president in the sandwich with the delicious pickle ? 
a sandwich on a perplexed fine floor under every floor with a pickle understood the chief of staff on a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled pickle in the perplexed president in every sandwich ! 
a president kissed a president . 
the pickle on the sandwich ate the perplexed fine perplexed floor . 
is it true that the perplexed fine pickle understood the fine president ? 
the floor kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled delicious fine chief of staff ate the delicious president ? 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed a pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious president ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine floor ate the pickled perplexed fine president on the pickled delicious floor ? 
a pickled perplexed delicious president with the delicious perplexed perplexed president kissed the fine floor . 
is it true that the pickle understood the fine president on a president ? 
a pickled president on every delicious perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff in the sandwich kissed the president . 
a president ate the perplexed pickled floor ! 
the delicious sandwich understood a perplexed pickled delicious pickle ! 
a fine pickled floor understood the pickle ! 
every chief of staff under every delicious sandwich with the pickled president with every floor in the chief of staff on a chief of staff with a floor on the floor under a fine floor kissed the pickle . 
is it true that the fine chief of staff understood every floor under the perplexed president ? 
a fine perplexed floor kissed a floor . 
is it true that the floor understood a president ? 
a chief of staff kissed every chief of staff . 
every president wanted every president ! 
a fine perplexed pickled sandwich wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood every pickled fine fine pickle ? 
the floor pickled every delicious fine perplexed sandwich on the pickled fine perplexed perplexed president . 
a delicious floor in a delicious president wanted every perplexed fine chief of staff . 
a pickled fine delicious sandwich wanted every fine pickled floor in a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed delicious sandwich wanted every perplexed pickled floor . 
a fine sandwich wanted the perplexed delicious delicious pickled perplexed fine pickle ! 
a chief of staff pickled a pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a perplexed fine delicious pickled chief of staff under a sandwich in the perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious fine fine chief of staff on the president on the sandwich ? 
the sandwich understood a floor . 
the fine sandwich under the fine pickle on the sandwich on the pickle with a chief of staff in the pickled sandwich on a perplexed sandwich in a perplexed pickled pickled fine president with the pickle kissed a president ! 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff pickled the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that every sandwich understood every pickled floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the floor ? 
the pickle wanted every floor in the floor with the chief of staff in a pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that a chief of staff pickled the pickled perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a pickled perplexed fine fine fine sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that a floor kissed a fine pickle ? 
the pickle on the sandwich ate a perplexed chief of staff . 
the president ate a sandwich . 
the floor on the perplexed chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
the fine delicious pickle wanted the perplexed floor ! 
every fine sandwich in a floor wanted a sandwich in the delicious pickle ! 
the chief of staff understood a chief of staff on the president with the pickled floor ! 
every delicious pickled pickle ate a delicious delicious president in the delicious chief of staff with a perplexed pickle in a pickled chief of staff ! 
a fine sandwich understood every fine president . 
a pickled pickle understood a pickle with a fine sandwich ! 
a chief of staff kissed the president ! 
a pickled pickle understood the president in a pickle on the floor on every perplexed delicious pickle under every chief of staff on every chief of staff . 
every president understood a perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickle ate the president . 
the sandwich wanted a pickled perplexed floor in the chief of staff with a pickle ! 
a pickled pickled pickled chief of staff kissed the fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle on a floor kissed the president ? 
a chief of staff kissed the pickled floor ! 
is it true that every delicious floor ate the president ? 
the pickle in the floor ate the delicious president ! 
is it true that the president with the president in the pickled pickle kissed a pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich wanted every floor ? 
is it true that every pickle in the floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
a delicious perplexed delicious pickle wanted every floor ! 
is it true that every sandwich understood the pickled delicious perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every floor in the floor under every pickled pickled pickle ? 
a floor under a pickle understood a delicious delicious perplexed president ! 
is it true that a sandwich understood the delicious fine sandwich ? 
the pickle kissed the delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
the fine delicious delicious sandwich under every fine chief of staff on a pickled perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that the perplexed president kissed the fine president ? 
a sandwich ate the floor . 
a delicious sandwich on the president wanted every pickled fine pickled sandwich on a fine pickled floor in the floor . 
the fine floor with the fine sandwich in the delicious chief of staff ate the pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled pickle on a floor on the pickle ate every floor ? 
the perplexed pickle ate the sandwich . 
the president wanted the president in a chief of staff in the floor in the sandwich . 
a chief of staff ate a sandwich ! 
a pickle kissed the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the floor ate a pickled fine pickle on the floor ? 
the chief of staff in a fine delicious chief of staff ate the delicious chief of staff ! 
a perplexed perplexed sandwich understood a delicious pickle . 
is it true that the president wanted the chief of staff ? 
a sandwich in the delicious delicious chief of staff understood a pickle . 
is it true that a floor pickled a floor under a fine delicious perplexed pickled perplexed floor ? 
the pickle on a floor on a delicious floor wanted the delicious sandwich under the sandwich on the floor on a pickle . 
the president kissed the pickled pickle . 
a pickle wanted the pickle ! 
the perplexed president kissed the fine floor . 
the pickle understood the fine floor . 
the president ate a pickle ! 
a floor under the sandwich with the perplexed fine floor pickled every chief of staff with the perplexed fine president in a pickle on a perplexed pickle on the fine sandwich on the chief of staff on the delicious pickle on a pickle in a pickled floor with the floor in a chief of staff with every chief of staff with every fine delicious floor under a pickle in a delicious pickled pickle on the fine fine president with the fine pickled chief of staff . 
a fine delicious pickle kissed a president in the pickled president ! 
the chief of staff pickled every fine fine fine president ! 
the president wanted a fine floor under a delicious president in the pickled perplexed delicious floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the president under the president ? 
the sandwich ate a pickled floor . 
every president wanted a pickled floor . 
the floor kissed a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the pickled delicious pickled fine pickled sandwich ? 
the pickled chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff with a delicious pickle with the chief of staff under the pickle understood a perplexed delicious sandwich with a pickle on a chief of staff with the president in the pickle on the delicious pickled chief of staff in the pickle . 
a president understood the floor ! 
a floor wanted the fine chief of staff . 
the pickled delicious sandwich pickled a fine pickled pickled president ! 
every fine floor on the pickled sandwich wanted the delicious president under the delicious perplexed floor in the floor in a chief of staff in a pickle in the perplexed perplexed delicious president ! 
the fine perplexed fine president kissed a sandwich . 
the sandwich understood every pickled delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the delicious pickled delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich on every floor kissed every fine perplexed president ? 
a sandwich pickled a floor . 
the fine sandwich under every chief of staff in the pickled pickled perplexed fine pickle under a delicious pickle on a perplexed pickled chief of staff in every president under the delicious president in the pickle with the president under every perplexed fine fine fine floor under every fine chief of staff on the delicious chief of staff on every pickle under a perplexed president pickled the floor . 
is it true that a president kissed the sandwich ? 
the floor kissed the floor . 
is it true that the fine sandwich pickled the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled pickle ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff wanted the delicious delicious pickled sandwich ? 
the fine pickled pickled floor wanted the pickle with the delicious chief of staff with a pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled delicious chief of staff wanted every pickled president with every pickle in the chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff on the president ? 
a delicious perplexed pickled pickle understood a delicious sandwich on a floor ! 
the president with the pickled pickled pickle understood the president in a floor in the chief of staff with every chief of staff on a sandwich in every sandwich ! 
the pickle on every president on every chief of staff in every floor on a president with every perplexed chief of staff kissed every sandwich under a delicious fine floor . 
is it true that a fine president with every delicious floor ate a pickled fine floor on every chief of staff ? 
the pickle under the perplexed perplexed pickled pickle in the sandwich ate the sandwich ! 
the floor in a president in every pickled sandwich with the fine chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
a delicious floor in a president in the pickle under every president on the pickle on the perplexed pickle under every pickle under a president with the president with the president ate the pickle with the floor in the chief of staff in a pickled president . 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich understood the fine delicious floor ? 
a sandwich with the sandwich on the pickled chief of staff understood the perplexed sandwich in every chief of staff on the floor . 
the perplexed floor ate every sandwich . 
every floor ate the floor ! 
the chief of staff under every fine pickle under the delicious sandwich on every perplexed president kissed a pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
a president in every delicious pickled sandwich under a pickle in every pickle on a chief of staff on every sandwich under the pickle ate a fine floor ! 
the president in a sandwich with a sandwich under the floor understood the perplexed chief of staff . 
a fine chief of staff ate the sandwich under a delicious pickled president . 
a pickle with a fine sandwich ate every pickled president with every perplexed delicious sandwich in the floor ! 
a president kissed a floor ! 
a chief of staff wanted every pickled chief of staff ! 
a pickle kissed the chief of staff with the sandwich . 
the chief of staff ate a perplexed president . 
the floor in every pickle under every fine sandwich on a pickled pickled chief of staff on a pickled delicious pickle under a chief of staff with a pickled floor in the pickle in the pickle with the delicious perplexed fine fine chief of staff with every fine pickled chief of staff in the delicious pickle under a floor on a floor ate the floor ! 
the delicious pickled pickled fine pickle on a perplexed sandwich on the pickled fine floor with every delicious sandwich kissed the president ! 
every delicious delicious president understood every perplexed chief of staff ! 
a delicious perplexed pickled perplexed fine pickled sandwich ate a perplexed sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every delicious pickled pickled perplexed pickled floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff with a president with the chief of staff understood every delicious pickled pickled president ? 
every perplexed pickled perplexed pickle under the chief of staff wanted a delicious sandwich ! 
a floor wanted a floor under a pickle ! 
is it true that a sandwich kissed every floor on the delicious floor in a pickled delicious pickled president on every floor on a chief of staff ? 
the floor on every president kissed every chief of staff . 
every pickled pickled perplexed floor wanted the delicious floor . 
is it true that a perplexed floor wanted the president ? 
the president ate the floor . 
every delicious fine chief of staff in a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff on the fine pickle in the president with a delicious pickled chief of staff with every chief of staff under every pickled perplexed pickled president ! 
a delicious fine pickled chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
every fine president wanted the pickled pickled fine sandwich ! 
a president with a delicious floor with the pickled delicious delicious chief of staff ate a perplexed floor ! 
is it true that every sandwich in the pickle ate every floor in a perplexed perplexed pickle ? 
a sandwich ate the president ! 
every president kissed a perplexed pickled delicious fine pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that every president with a perplexed chief of staff in the president understood every fine sandwich on the fine sandwich under the president ? 
the pickle kissed a floor . 
a president pickled the floor ! 
a fine president under a perplexed floor under the floor on every pickle kissed a fine pickled pickle ! 
is it true that a delicious sandwich wanted a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed floor ? 
a sandwich understood every floor under a delicious floor in the chief of staff on every delicious floor on a chief of staff in the fine fine sandwich . 
a sandwich wanted a pickle in a delicious fine delicious perplexed perplexed president . 
a delicious pickled fine floor wanted a sandwich under the pickled pickle . 
the sandwich kissed a chief of staff ! 
every pickle under the sandwich wanted every pickled chief of staff . 
a sandwich kissed every floor . 
the president wanted a floor ! 
every pickle understood the floor under every perplexed chief of staff under every floor with a sandwich with the president on every pickle in a sandwich under a president in the chief of staff on the pickled fine floor on the chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich ! 
a floor kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president ate the sandwich ? 
a delicious floor with the chief of staff with the pickled president understood the president ! 
a delicious fine president understood a fine pickle ! 
is it true that the fine floor ate the floor ? 
a pickled delicious floor ate a sandwich under the floor on the perplexed delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed fine sandwich wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious floor kissed a floor in a chief of staff on a perplexed sandwich ? 
a delicious delicious fine floor with a pickled fine pickle under a delicious president wanted a fine perplexed floor ! 
a pickled fine sandwich ate a delicious fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood the floor under every pickled pickled fine delicious pickled president on a president in every fine pickled pickled sandwich under every floor with the pickled pickled sandwich under every pickle under every delicious perplexed perplexed president on the sandwich in a president with the sandwich under the floor under the delicious chief of staff under the delicious floor in a floor in the fine chief of staff under the fine chief of staff in every delicious president with every sandwich on the president on the president under a pickle under the sandwich on every president ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious pickle understood a chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the president wanted the chief of staff with the delicious perplexed delicious pickled pickled pickled delicious floor under every president ? 
every delicious president ate every president . 
every perplexed floor on a president kissed the pickle on the chief of staff . 
a perplexed fine floor kissed a delicious delicious sandwich on a sandwich under every floor under every pickled floor ! 
the pickle in the sandwich wanted the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich . 
a president kissed a pickled chief of staff on every sandwich . 
a pickle pickled the perplexed president ! 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich in every pickled chief of staff with a perplexed pickle in the floor wanted the perplexed fine president ? 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff ate the floor ? 
the president understood every floor in a fine fine fine floor in a pickled chief of staff ! 
the sandwich kissed the floor . 
every chief of staff wanted every perplexed delicious fine fine fine sandwich ! 
the sandwich understood a fine delicious chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff understood the pickle in the delicious chief of staff with the chief of staff in the pickled perplexed sandwich on a pickle on every fine floor . 
the perplexed delicious chief of staff under the delicious chief of staff wanted a perplexed president . 
is it true that a president understood a perplexed pickle ? 
the chief of staff ate the floor on the perplexed pickled pickle with the fine pickle ! 
a fine fine floor under every perplexed fine pickle understood the delicious president . 
a president in every perplexed pickle on a pickle in every pickle with the president on the perplexed delicious chief of staff with a pickle wanted the fine delicious fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted every chief of staff with the sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious floor ate a delicious president ? 
a perplexed president understood the president ! 
is it true that a sandwich on the pickled pickle kissed a sandwich under the perplexed delicious floor in every pickled floor on a pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious pickled delicious delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff ate every pickle ? 
the fine perplexed president with every pickled fine pickled fine floor under a president on a fine pickled pickle in every chief of staff on the delicious fine delicious chief of staff with the floor with a chief of staff in the president with every perplexed chief of staff in a fine perplexed chief of staff under every pickled chief of staff on the pickle in every chief of staff ate the fine pickle . 
every fine delicious floor under every fine president with the pickled perplexed fine pickled chief of staff in the pickle on the chief of staff with a perplexed chief of staff under the floor kissed the chief of staff ! 
the delicious president under every sandwich understood every chief of staff ! 
every sandwich ate a fine chief of staff . 
is it true that every sandwich ate the fine pickled fine floor in the fine fine pickle ? 
the delicious chief of staff ate a floor ! 
a president wanted the president on every perplexed fine delicious fine fine delicious pickled floor under a perplexed pickled perplexed president ! 
every perplexed floor wanted the pickle ! 
a pickle understood a fine perplexed delicious fine delicious perplexed president with the pickled delicious pickled floor . 
the pickled president understood the chief of staff with the perplexed floor . 
every perplexed delicious pickle under a floor understood the pickled fine pickled perplexed president on the president . 
the chief of staff on the president ate a sandwich with a perplexed floor on a delicious president on a delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine president with the president on the pickle in a delicious sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff in the chief of staff with every pickled fine fine delicious floor under a pickle in the pickled delicious president with the delicious pickle on every president ate the pickled delicious perplexed fine pickled chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff wanted the sandwich with the pickled perplexed pickle ! 
a pickled president ate a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that a floor with the pickled floor ate every fine president ? 
is it true that the perplexed floor understood the fine perplexed pickle with the delicious fine pickle ? 
a sandwich wanted the fine pickle in the president in the delicious president ! 
is it true that a floor on the chief of staff understood the pickled delicious delicious chief of staff with the pickle ? 
the sandwich on a pickle kissed every sandwich with every president on the delicious sandwich with a perplexed president in the sandwich . 
a fine delicious chief of staff in every perplexed fine pickle understood the sandwich ! 
every floor understood the fine pickled pickled pickle under a pickled pickled delicious floor ! 
the delicious chief of staff under the fine pickled chief of staff ate a chief of staff with the perplexed president on the floor under the chief of staff under a perplexed fine pickled fine floor with the pickle under every delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle understood every sandwich ? 
a chief of staff ate a sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff under every perplexed chief of staff in the delicious sandwich under the delicious sandwich understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich under the floor wanted the president under the president under the president in the sandwich in the delicious sandwich on every delicious perplexed pickled pickled perplexed president in the perplexed sandwich ? 
the delicious perplexed chief of staff understood every floor ! 
a sandwich on the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff kissed the chief of staff . 
a chief of staff with a fine fine sandwich kissed the sandwich on the pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich understood a delicious sandwich in the delicious president in a pickle ? 
is it true that the floor understood every pickled pickle ? 
the perplexed delicious pickle in every president on the chief of staff kissed the president on the sandwich under a pickle with a chief of staff . 
the perplexed sandwich kissed the floor with the fine fine perplexed pickle in a floor . 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
the pickled pickle understood a president . 
a sandwich understood a floor . 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff on a floor on a sandwich wanted the pickle with every sandwich with a floor on the chief of staff on the sandwich ? 
the delicious pickle wanted the floor . 
a pickled sandwich understood the perplexed delicious fine fine pickle . 
a pickle wanted a floor . 
the chief of staff with the delicious pickled pickle wanted the pickled perplexed delicious sandwich in every chief of staff in a pickled perplexed pickle on the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious floor in a floor under the fine fine floor on the perplexed president in a sandwich with the sandwich with the chief of staff on the chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle under the delicious floor ? 
is it true that the president understood the pickle ? 
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
the chief of staff in the pickled delicious floor on the president under every floor on the president understood the pickled perplexed delicious pickled president on a president . 
is it true that a president in a delicious fine fine chief of staff with a pickled pickled chief of staff ate a delicious sandwich ? 
every pickle kissed a floor . 
a chief of staff wanted every fine chief of staff ! 
the sandwich kissed a floor on a pickle under every perplexed floor . 
a perplexed president wanted a pickle . 
every pickled perplexed delicious fine pickled delicious president pickled every fine fine fine pickle . 
a fine president pickled the fine president . 
the perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the delicious sandwich . 
the president pickled the floor ! 
is it true that the pickled president ate a delicious fine fine pickle under the pickled pickled delicious perplexed sandwich under a delicious sandwich under the sandwich ? 
is it true that a fine pickled chief of staff under the pickled sandwich with the pickle kissed a sandwich on the floor with every president ? 
a chief of staff pickled every delicious delicious pickled delicious president with every pickled chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickle wanted a perplexed president in a sandwich under the pickle on a floor in the delicious chief of staff on a floor on the pickled pickle under the pickle under every sandwich . 
a delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff under the fine perplexed fine pickled pickle . 
a delicious delicious fine pickled chief of staff wanted the fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed every perplexed fine pickled fine president in the sandwich ? 
the president on the pickled pickled delicious floor in a fine fine pickle under every pickled delicious sandwich in the pickle on the pickle under a perplexed fine fine floor on a president under a perplexed floor on a pickled floor in the delicious fine chief of staff in the delicious delicious pickle on the pickle in a fine fine chief of staff understood a sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the president ? 
a fine fine president wanted the perplexed president with every pickled floor under a president with a sandwich on the pickle on every delicious pickled floor under every pickled fine floor . 
is it true that the floor in the pickled pickled chief of staff on a delicious president in every perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle ? 
the sandwich ate the delicious floor on a perplexed perplexed floor in a fine perplexed pickled chief of staff in the delicious pickle in every pickle in the delicious perplexed floor with every fine pickle with the chief of staff on the chief of staff under the pickle with the floor . 
every floor ate a pickle . 
the floor in a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ! 
the fine sandwich under a delicious delicious perplexed floor on a pickled president with the chief of staff pickled the fine perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff . 
a sandwich under every president wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that every fine president in the delicious floor kissed a pickle ? 
the fine president on the floor in a pickled chief of staff ate every delicious chief of staff under a president under a floor . 
the pickled pickled pickled pickle in every perplexed delicious sandwich ate a fine sandwich . 
a floor wanted the pickled perplexed delicious floor . 
is it true that every president ate the fine pickle under a pickle under a pickle ? 
is it true that every pickle under the chief of staff understood every pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich in a pickled president wanted the pickle ? 
the pickle with the pickled chief of staff with every fine pickle on the delicious chief of staff under a floor wanted the sandwich ! 
a pickled pickle pickled a pickle ! 
every perplexed chief of staff understood a delicious delicious president ! 
the delicious chief of staff kissed a perplexed chief of staff with a sandwich on the floor with every pickle ! 
is it true that a chief of staff under every pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
the fine chief of staff kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that the floor kissed every fine pickled chief of staff ? 
a pickled floor ate the floor ! 
a chief of staff under the delicious fine fine floor in the pickled fine chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
a floor pickled the pickle . 
the chief of staff in the floor on every perplexed president ate a president ! 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich understood every perplexed chief of staff on the pickle ? 
a pickle kissed the perplexed sandwich on the floor in a floor on the president with the chief of staff with a pickled chief of staff . 
a perplexed floor understood a floor ! 
is it true that the president understood a delicious perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich understood a perplexed floor ? 
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickled president wanted every fine floor ? 
every chief of staff understood every pickled delicious floor ! 
every president with every floor kissed the perplexed chief of staff . 
the president understood the pickle with the floor . 
is it true that every floor kissed a fine pickled perplexed sandwich ? 
the pickled floor kissed a president ! 
is it true that the pickle ate the fine perplexed perplexed fine sandwich ? 
every floor ate a pickle . 
every fine delicious sandwich understood every pickle . 
a pickled pickle ate a sandwich under a fine pickle ! 
is it true that every pickle in the sandwich understood the sandwich ? 
the floor kissed a delicious perplexed delicious fine sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor with the sandwich in the president in every pickle understood a fine pickled president ? 
the perplexed sandwich wanted the perplexed pickled delicious perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
the perplexed delicious delicious delicious floor under the president ate the chief of staff with the president . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the delicious floor ? 
a chief of staff with a perplexed sandwich kissed the chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
the fine perplexed pickle wanted the perplexed perplexed president . 
is it true that the delicious delicious pickle wanted the chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed a floor . 
a president kissed the delicious pickled sandwich ! 
the fine delicious president ate every pickled fine perplexed pickled chief of staff on a fine chief of staff . 
the sandwich with a sandwich with the floor kissed a pickled perplexed president . 
is it true that the fine pickled sandwich wanted a fine delicious floor ? 
a chief of staff wanted a pickle ! 
the fine president understood the fine sandwich ! 
the pickled sandwich pickled the delicious pickled sandwich ! 
the floor in a sandwich under the pickle wanted a chief of staff ! 
the pickled pickle understood a floor . 
the floor in every fine delicious chief of staff in every president with the fine fine sandwich under a sandwich in every floor with the perplexed floor under a sandwich in a pickle on a floor under a president with the fine pickle with the pickle understood every fine fine chief of staff . 
is it true that every sandwich kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the floor understood the perplexed pickle in a chief of staff in a pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
a perplexed chief of staff on a delicious floor under the chief of staff understood a chief of staff under the chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled delicious pickle in the pickled pickle with a delicious chief of staff on the floor in the sandwich kissed a delicious floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the delicious fine president ? 
the sandwich understood the delicious floor on a sandwich on a sandwich ! 
the perplexed pickled floor on the pickle kissed the pickle . 
the president wanted the chief of staff ! 
a delicious pickled chief of staff ate the president . 
is it true that the pickled president in every pickle wanted every fine president with the fine fine chief of staff under a pickle on a floor with the pickled floor under the floor ? 
the pickled sandwich wanted a pickled president under a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff understood every perplexed chief of staff . 
the fine pickled pickled delicious sandwich understood a floor . 
the pickle kissed the pickle . 
is it true that every president ate a fine delicious delicious president ? 
a delicious sandwich wanted the perplexed fine perplexed pickled chief of staff on the pickled floor on a chief of staff . 
every fine delicious floor ate a pickle with the perplexed chief of staff on the chief of staff under the floor on the perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
a chief of staff understood the delicious fine pickled chief of staff . 
the sandwich ate a pickle ! 
is it true that every sandwich understood a fine fine fine pickle ? 
the fine delicious pickle understood every perplexed perplexed fine pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed floor with every chief of staff ate the floor on the president on the sandwich ? 
the delicious pickle wanted a president . 
is it true that a floor pickled every chief of staff with the chief of staff in every perplexed president in a perplexed chief of staff ? 
the delicious president ate a delicious delicious perplexed pickled fine floor ! 
the president in the sandwich pickled a president in a fine delicious pickled delicious pickled delicious president . 
a chief of staff in a perplexed floor kissed every delicious president . 
a floor on the fine perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff in the floor kissed the president . 
a sandwich ate every chief of staff under a pickle ! 
the perplexed pickled president kissed a sandwich ! 
the president understood a sandwich . 
the pickle understood a president with a floor with the president in the fine fine sandwich in the floor in a perplexed chief of staff with the fine sandwich . 
the pickled sandwich understood a perplexed sandwich with every pickled pickle on the floor . 
the fine sandwich understood the pickled delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that every president understood every floor ? 
is it true that every floor understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich understood a delicious president ? 
is it true that the fine chief of staff understood the pickle under the chief of staff on the pickle under every pickled pickled floor in a sandwich in the delicious perplexed chief of staff in the perplexed fine perplexed pickled pickle on the pickle ? 
a perplexed sandwich with the perplexed president in the pickled floor on every sandwich in the chief of staff under every president under the fine president on the president understood every pickle ! 
a chief of staff kissed the president in a sandwich with a perplexed pickled fine perplexed floor on the perplexed president on the delicious floor . 
is it true that every floor wanted a perplexed chief of staff ? 
the perplexed president kissed the chief of staff under every fine pickled president . 
the pickle kissed the pickled fine perplexed delicious pickle ! 
the pickled fine pickle in a chief of staff in a sandwich in the floor on the pickle on the pickled president on a pickle kissed the floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich on the delicious floor on the perplexed perplexed pickled pickle with the president understood every floor with a president in the perplexed sandwich with a delicious sandwich under the perplexed perplexed pickle under the delicious fine president under the sandwich under a perplexed sandwich under the pickled pickled delicious floor with every delicious pickle with a fine sandwich ? 
every perplexed chief of staff under the delicious chief of staff kissed the perplexed president in every perplexed delicious pickle . 
is it true that a perplexed pickle under the pickled fine pickle on the pickle in the fine fine president in every floor with a fine perplexed pickled sandwich in every pickled fine president ate a chief of staff ? 
the perplexed delicious pickle under the pickle wanted the delicious floor ! 
the pickle understood every fine delicious fine chief of staff . 
a pickle kissed the president ! 
is it true that the fine pickle on the pickled sandwich under a sandwich kissed a delicious pickled floor ? 
every pickle ate the chief of staff under a pickled president ! 
the floor wanted every fine chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff with a floor with a floor on the pickle under a chief of staff in a chief of staff understood a perplexed president with a floor ! 
a perplexed fine floor on a pickled president wanted a sandwich ! 
every fine president kissed the chief of staff . 
the perplexed pickle wanted every fine president in the fine pickled sandwich under a perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled president pickled a fine president with the floor in the pickled pickle ? 
the pickled delicious sandwich wanted the fine pickle ! 
every sandwich understood the pickle under the floor on a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ? 
a president wanted the pickled fine perplexed pickle . 
every fine chief of staff ate every chief of staff ! 
the pickle with the pickle ate the president ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled president kissed the fine perplexed chief of staff under every floor under every perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a president ? 
every perplexed sandwich in a sandwich under a pickled president on the perplexed chief of staff with a perplexed chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
is it true that a pickled pickle understood the fine perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff ? 
a sandwich understood every pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that every delicious president kissed the pickle ? 
a pickled chief of staff under the president kissed the perplexed floor in the pickle . 
the floor in the pickle under the sandwich in a delicious floor kissed every president in every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich on a sandwich on a fine floor under the pickled pickled floor with the sandwich in the chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff in a sandwich on every pickle under the perplexed perplexed fine fine president with a floor wanted the president ? 
every perplexed pickle with the fine pickle on a president kissed the floor . 
is it true that every fine pickle wanted the perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
a sandwich in the pickle with the fine delicious president on a delicious president wanted the delicious floor . 
the perplexed fine pickle kissed the president ! 
a delicious sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
every pickle kissed a president ! 
is it true that the pickled sandwich wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed fine floor ate the pickle ? 
the delicious pickled delicious pickle understood the pickle with a chief of staff on every fine sandwich . 
the chief of staff ate the pickled pickled perplexed pickled fine president . 
the delicious floor on a floor kissed the pickle ! 
the fine delicious floor understood a fine delicious pickled delicious president . 
the pickled pickled delicious fine president on the fine pickled delicious fine pickled floor with the president kissed the president . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious pickle understood a floor ? 
a floor kissed a delicious chief of staff ! 
the perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle . 
is it true that the president kissed the perplexed perplexed floor ? 
every president with the chief of staff under the fine perplexed sandwich ate the fine president with the president on the delicious chief of staff under the delicious floor on the delicious fine pickle ! 
is it true that a floor in a delicious perplexed sandwich ate a pickled perplexed pickled president ? 
is it true that a delicious fine president under the pickled perplexed sandwich under every pickle in a fine chief of staff under the floor wanted a floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich under the delicious perplexed fine pickle understood a fine perplexed sandwich ? 
the delicious pickle in a floor ate the chief of staff . 
the sandwich wanted a fine delicious sandwich . 
the floor wanted every sandwich ! 
is it true that every floor kissed the pickle with every pickle ? 
a delicious pickle ate every pickle ! 
is it true that the president understood a fine sandwich ? 
is it true that every delicious floor understood a sandwich ? 
a fine perplexed floor understood the pickle ! 
the floor kissed a pickle . 
the delicious perplexed pickle in the chief of staff in the pickled perplexed pickle under the sandwich wanted every pickle . 
a chief of staff wanted a delicious delicious perplexed floor ! 
the delicious pickle understood the floor ! 
the chief of staff wanted the floor in a fine president on a president . 
is it true that the pickle ate the sandwich under the pickled pickled fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a perplexed president in a delicious delicious president understood the pickle on the pickled chief of staff on every president ? 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the delicious chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled pickle kissed the sandwich ? 
the floor in every pickled pickle kissed the pickle . 
the chief of staff wanted the pickled fine president . 
is it true that a floor kissed the fine pickle ? 
the fine floor in a floor kissed the pickle . 
a sandwich pickled the sandwich . 
the chief of staff with the perplexed floor with the chief of staff in the perplexed fine sandwich in the floor in the perplexed fine president with a delicious pickled delicious fine delicious perplexed chief of staff on the delicious fine delicious sandwich in the floor under the president on the perplexed sandwich under the floor in the sandwich under the sandwich on a floor ate a chief of staff in the delicious delicious floor . 
the pickle wanted a pickled president . 
the president in a perplexed floor in the pickled floor ate a sandwich ! 
the president ate a delicious perplexed fine perplexed floor ! 
every chief of staff under a pickle with the fine floor on every president with the pickled fine sandwich with a perplexed floor in a pickle with every delicious delicious fine fine pickled perplexed delicious pickled sandwich in a sandwich with the perplexed fine president under the delicious president in the fine president with every chief of staff in the pickle under the fine fine delicious delicious president under the pickled president on every pickle with every floor on the chief of staff on the chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ! 
a sandwich ate the pickled floor under the floor ! 
a delicious pickle wanted every president . 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff with the fine delicious floor in the perplexed chief of staff in the pickled pickled fine pickled fine perplexed president wanted the floor ? 
the floor in the pickle wanted the president under the fine floor . 
the pickled pickle pickled a perplexed chief of staff in the pickled fine fine chief of staff on the president . 
is it true that every perplexed pickled floor understood the pickle ? 
is it true that a delicious fine perplexed floor in the president on the fine delicious delicious pickle ate the pickle ? 
the president ate the chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every pickle ? 
every fine perplexed floor ate every delicious president in the delicious pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff in a chief of staff on a perplexed perplexed pickled pickled pickled sandwich in the president in a perplexed floor understood a pickle under a floor ? 
the fine president ate the fine floor under the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
a sandwich pickled every fine sandwich with the pickled floor under the fine pickled sandwich in the pickle in every pickle on a president on a floor ! 
the chief of staff ate the delicious pickle with a pickled pickled chief of staff in every floor in the floor on the delicious floor with the sandwich under the pickled perplexed pickle under the pickle with the chief of staff under every delicious pickle on every president in the delicious pickled perplexed president under the president with the pickle ! 
the sandwich with the fine sandwich with the perplexed perplexed perplexed president understood the chief of staff . 
the floor kissed a chief of staff in every pickled perplexed floor ! 
every floor ate a pickle . 
a sandwich with the pickle understood every delicious floor under every president in the pickle on a floor on the president with the fine pickled president on every delicious floor with a chief of staff . 
a president understood the sandwich . 
a pickled sandwich in a floor with a pickled floor on a chief of staff under a delicious president in the pickle in the perplexed pickle on the chief of staff on the delicious floor in the pickled fine chief of staff wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious perplexed sandwich ate a delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate a pickled fine fine chief of staff in the president under the chief of staff on a perplexed pickle ? 
a floor understood a pickled pickle . 
the perplexed floor wanted the president . 
a floor on every pickle in the president kissed a fine president . 
every delicious pickled president under the pickle with a pickle with a chief of staff on the perplexed delicious fine pickled president with the pickle on the chief of staff under a fine pickle in the pickled fine chief of staff in a sandwich ate the pickled chief of staff on every chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickled pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff ate the president ! 
the chief of staff ate a fine fine perplexed sandwich ! 
the president ate the sandwich . 
is it true that the floor on the delicious pickle understood every pickle ? 
is it true that every floor under every floor with the perplexed sandwich in the floor under the pickled pickled fine chief of staff under the pickled chief of staff kissed a pickle in the perplexed president with the sandwich ? 
every fine pickle in every fine delicious pickle kissed a pickle . 
every president wanted a chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the floor under a chief of staff on every pickle ? 
the president wanted a pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed pickled delicious fine floor wanted the floor ? 
every delicious pickled pickle ate a delicious fine president under a chief of staff in the chief of staff under the chief of staff with a delicious perplexed sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed a fine delicious pickled floor on a fine fine chief of staff on every perplexed pickled pickle with the floor under every chief of staff in a president under a delicious fine floor with a pickle . 
every sandwich understood the chief of staff with every sandwich . 
a sandwich wanted the pickled delicious floor ! 
is it true that the president pickled a floor ? 
the delicious perplexed pickle kissed a pickled president ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff under the fine delicious pickle kissed the floor with the floor in a president in the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the sandwich in the sandwich in the sandwich ? 
the president wanted a perplexed sandwich . 
the fine perplexed pickle wanted the delicious sandwich on the president ! 
is it true that the floor ate every floor ? 
is it true that the president wanted the pickled fine pickled chief of staff ? 
every perplexed delicious sandwich understood a president ! 
the president wanted a pickled president . 
every pickled floor ate a fine perplexed president on a chief of staff ! 
the sandwich wanted a fine perplexed perplexed fine delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious sandwich under the sandwich under a fine sandwich understood the perplexed chief of staff in the pickled fine delicious pickle ? 
the chief of staff on every president understood a president . 
is it true that the perplexed president kissed a president ? 
the chief of staff kissed the floor . 
a pickle with the chief of staff wanted the president . 
a chief of staff in the floor wanted a pickled chief of staff . 
the floor with a pickle in every president with the fine chief of staff in a pickled pickle kissed every sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor wanted the perplexed perplexed fine president ? 
every chief of staff understood a pickle ! 
the president in a perplexed pickle ate a pickled delicious pickled delicious sandwich . 
a president in the pickled fine delicious pickle with the fine president on the floor in a perplexed pickled sandwich in the fine fine sandwich under every delicious pickled perplexed floor wanted a delicious sandwich on the pickle in a fine pickle in a perplexed chief of staff ! 
the pickle on a president ate a fine sandwich on a sandwich on the delicious pickled pickled floor . 
a sandwich wanted the fine fine perplexed delicious perplexed fine delicious pickle under the chief of staff with every chief of staff under a chief of staff under the fine perplexed president . 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff understood the floor ? 
the perplexed perplexed floor understood every pickled floor with every president ! 
the pickled pickle wanted the floor ! 
every president understood a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff ! 
a floor wanted every fine floor under a sandwich under a chief of staff under a perplexed pickled pickle with every fine president on a perplexed delicious pickled president ! 
every pickled pickled pickle with a delicious pickle wanted the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff on the delicious pickle kissed a fine pickled president on the chief of staff ? 
every pickled pickle ate the chief of staff in the president in the chief of staff . 
every delicious perplexed pickled fine fine chief of staff pickled the fine president ! 
the fine pickle under a sandwich with the pickled fine fine president on the pickle in every delicious pickled fine fine floor with a delicious perplexed sandwich under the pickled fine delicious president with every fine delicious fine perplexed pickle with a pickle understood the pickled president with a delicious perplexed sandwich with every president in a delicious pickle on the pickled chief of staff on the fine sandwich with a perplexed pickle on every chief of staff under a president with a delicious fine chief of staff on a chief of staff under the floor under every president ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood the delicious pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed a delicious floor ? 
is it true that a fine floor with every pickled president wanted the delicious perplexed sandwich in the perplexed president on a perplexed sandwich under the pickled sandwich under the sandwich under the floor on a pickled perplexed pickle on the pickle with the perplexed perplexed president under the president under a president under a fine floor ? 
is it true that a president understood every perplexed pickle ? 
the floor understood a delicious floor ! 
the sandwich wanted a sandwich on a perplexed president under the pickled delicious fine chief of staff in the pickle on the fine delicious president with the floor ! 
every pickle under a president with the president with every floor ate the pickled chief of staff in a pickled perplexed delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that a delicious pickled floor understood the pickled floor ? 
is it true that every pickle wanted every chief of staff in a pickle in every chief of staff in the president under the pickled sandwich ? 
the pickle wanted a fine pickled pickled chief of staff on a delicious delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed floor ! 
the fine chief of staff in the president under the pickle with a pickled pickle in every fine delicious perplexed floor in a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff in the pickle understood the floor . 
the president kissed the fine perplexed pickle under a sandwich with a sandwich ! 
a delicious president ate the perplexed fine sandwich ! 
a pickled pickle understood a pickle on the president . 
a floor kissed a fine pickle ! 
the pickled perplexed floor pickled a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff in the perplexed pickled perplexed pickled fine chief of staff understood a pickle ? 
the pickle wanted the pickled delicious pickled sandwich with a fine pickled pickle on every fine president . 
the delicious pickled pickled pickle under every president in the chief of staff under every sandwich under a fine pickled perplexed sandwich understood every floor . 
is it true that a perplexed floor ate every fine floor in a fine pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff in the floor understood the floor ? 
the sandwich pickled the floor . 
the sandwich on the president with every perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich with every delicious floor on the delicious pickle in every pickle under every sandwich on the sandwich kissed a pickle . 
the delicious pickle ate the pickled floor . 
the delicious fine perplexed fine floor kissed every floor . 
the pickle wanted every fine sandwich ! 
the president understood every floor on the delicious floor in the perplexed pickle on a chief of staff . 
the fine president wanted a president . 
is it true that every chief of staff under the delicious sandwich with every fine pickle on the floor kissed the fine perplexed fine president ? 
is it true that a pickled pickled pickle wanted a pickled chief of staff under a sandwich in a president on every sandwich on a perplexed fine pickled delicious pickled delicious sandwich with a president on every president on the pickle on every perplexed pickle with a sandwich in a perplexed floor on the pickle in the chief of staff under the floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed fine perplexed floor with a pickled fine president in a president under the pickled perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickle under the chief of staff on a fine pickle on the delicious fine perplexed perplexed floor in every chief of staff in a pickle with the pickle on a pickled president with a pickled delicious chief of staff on every pickle under the chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
the sandwich pickled every president . 
every chief of staff under the delicious pickled president with the perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich ! 
the fine sandwich kissed the fine fine fine sandwich on every delicious pickled sandwich on the sandwich on the sandwich with the pickle under every pickled fine perplexed fine perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich with a floor under the chief of staff under the pickled delicious delicious perplexed sandwich on the president in the sandwich with the perplexed perplexed pickled delicious floor on a fine perplexed chief of staff on a chief of staff . 
the fine pickled floor kissed the floor ! 
a delicious sandwich kissed the pickled delicious chief of staff . 
every perplexed sandwich with the president with the floor on the sandwich kissed every sandwich . 
the delicious pickled fine delicious sandwich in a perplexed floor in every sandwich under the fine fine chief of staff kissed every president . 
is it true that the president understood every president ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich understood a perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich with the floor under the president ? 
a fine pickled delicious sandwich understood the delicious floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff under a floor under the fine sandwich pickled a sandwich ? 
the fine floor on the president with the pickle ate a perplexed pickled sandwich . 
every delicious pickled pickle kissed every sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor ate the pickled president ? 
the pickle kissed the sandwich in the pickled sandwich on the delicious pickled pickle on the fine delicious fine perplexed delicious sandwich with every sandwich . 
is it true that the floor ate the sandwich on every delicious pickled floor with the perplexed floor with a floor ? 
the pickle ate the chief of staff . 
the floor ate a pickle . 
is it true that every chief of staff ate every chief of staff on every perplexed floor ? 
a delicious pickled pickle pickled a sandwich ! 
the fine delicious chief of staff under the delicious pickle under the fine pickled delicious pickle under the delicious chief of staff under a pickled perplexed president on the chief of staff ate a chief of staff under a delicious perplexed delicious pickle ! 
a perplexed pickle wanted the floor ! 
the sandwich wanted the perplexed fine floor under a floor under a sandwich in the president in the president in a pickled perplexed delicious pickled fine perplexed pickled sandwich on the pickled floor with the president on the pickle on the floor with the pickled chief of staff on every sandwich with the chief of staff with the pickle in the sandwich with the pickled president . 
is it true that the sandwich understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every floor ate the perplexed perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that every perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich ate the perplexed perplexed delicious pickle ? 
a pickle understood the delicious floor ! 
a fine president kissed the delicious floor ! 
is it true that a floor wanted every fine pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the floor ? 
is it true that every pickled delicious pickled pickle ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a floor understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff on a sandwich on a fine president kissed every president ? 
is it true that every perplexed president with the pickle in every chief of staff with the pickled perplexed pickled pickled sandwich kissed the fine perplexed president ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed every floor ? 
the delicious president understood the sandwich under a delicious floor . 
the floor ate the delicious sandwich . 
a delicious floor wanted the sandwich with the pickle ! 
every chief of staff understood the perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor wanted every floor with the pickle ? 
a fine perplexed floor ate the pickled sandwich under the floor . 
is it true that a floor wanted the sandwich ? 
every chief of staff wanted every fine floor ! 
the sandwich kissed every president under the perplexed perplexed pickled fine pickled president . 
is it true that every chief of staff understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle under a chief of staff ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich on the delicious sandwich under the sandwich in the floor in a president with every sandwich in the perplexed pickle with the chief of staff in a fine pickle under the delicious president under the fine pickled delicious perplexed pickled fine floor under every fine floor under every president in the sandwich with every chief of staff on the pickle under the delicious chief of staff on the president under the delicious pickle under the sandwich on a sandwich in the delicious sandwich under the delicious chief of staff on every floor kissed the sandwich ? 
a president in the fine delicious delicious sandwich in a floor with the pickle with every pickle kissed every delicious floor . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich kissed every pickle on the floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich with the delicious pickle in the pickled fine sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
a perplexed pickle with the pickled pickled sandwich ate every fine pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff in a floor ate the fine sandwich with the perplexed sandwich under the president ? 
the fine sandwich on every pickled chief of staff under every chief of staff in the president ate the fine fine pickle . 
is it true that a fine sandwich ate the perplexed fine president ? 
every president under a pickled delicious chief of staff in the president in the chief of staff in a pickle wanted a president on a fine floor under a chief of staff with the sandwich in a president under a fine pickle under every floor in the delicious president under the pickled president under a fine fine pickle in the perplexed floor with the sandwich ! 
the perplexed pickled pickled pickled pickle ate the pickled delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled sandwich ate the delicious fine pickle ? 
is it true that every president with a president with the sandwich in every perplexed pickled floor understood every president ? 
a sandwich under the fine pickle in every sandwich on the fine fine fine fine pickle with a pickle with a perplexed floor in the floor in every sandwich with the pickle on every chief of staff understood a perplexed pickled floor ! 
every pickled pickle understood a chief of staff under a floor under a delicious fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff in a sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a perplexed fine floor ? 
the pickled pickled pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff on the pickled perplexed delicious pickled sandwich with the chief of staff on the president ! 
every fine sandwich wanted a pickle under the president under a sandwich on the pickled president on the pickled floor with a fine president with the floor in a delicious sandwich ! 
a fine fine sandwich wanted a perplexed delicious pickle . 
every delicious floor ate every pickled delicious chief of staff ! 
a floor on the sandwich ate a delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
the perplexed sandwich wanted a floor in a delicious sandwich ! 
the perplexed president understood the sandwich with the perplexed perplexed floor with a perplexed sandwich with the perplexed president . 
a president understood the fine president ! 
every floor on the sandwich under every pickle under the fine sandwich in every fine pickled floor ate the perplexed president . 
a delicious floor with every floor with a chief of staff ate every president ! 
is it true that the fine pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president wanted the fine sandwich ? 
the delicious floor ate every perplexed fine pickled president . 
every fine perplexed fine sandwich wanted a perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that a delicious floor ate a floor in the floor in a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious fine pickle ate the pickle ? 
is it true that a fine perplexed chief of staff ate every floor in the pickle ? 
a sandwich ate a president in a delicious pickled pickle . 
the delicious president wanted every delicious floor . 
is it true that the delicious president kissed the fine floor with a pickled pickled chief of staff with a president with the president ? 
every floor with the perplexed sandwich wanted a president ! 
is it true that a floor pickled a sandwich ? 
every pickle ate the president . 
a perplexed delicious fine delicious pickled president wanted a delicious floor on a pickled president with every delicious floor under the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich understood the fine pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff understood the pickle on the floor in a chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff in a president ate every chief of staff ! 
a fine delicious chief of staff on the sandwich kissed the perplexed pickled pickled delicious pickled floor ! 
every pickle with a fine pickle under a fine president understood a floor ! 
a pickled fine pickle under a pickle understood every fine pickled pickled fine president . 
a delicious president wanted every floor under the chief of staff . 
a sandwich with the floor ate a fine fine perplexed chief of staff under the fine pickle . 
every pickle ate every perplexed fine chief of staff in every delicious delicious pickled delicious floor in a pickled perplexed pickle with the president on the chief of staff . 
the floor wanted the president ! 
the floor kissed a pickled fine perplexed perplexed president . 
is it true that a delicious delicious sandwich understood the pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle ate every chief of staff with every perplexed perplexed president ? 
every perplexed perplexed fine delicious sandwich kissed the perplexed president ! 
the chief of staff wanted a delicious pickle . 
a president understood the delicious pickled fine chief of staff in a pickle in every president ! 
the floor kissed the sandwich in the pickled sandwich on a sandwich with a chief of staff ! 
every perplexed president on the fine delicious fine pickled delicious president on a perplexed president understood every perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the pickle in a delicious fine fine delicious pickled fine pickled pickled floor in a chief of staff in every president kissed every perplexed fine sandwich in the pickled delicious fine floor under the chief of staff with a chief of staff on the sandwich on every floor ? 
the fine chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
a floor kissed the pickled pickled pickle . 
is it true that every pickled pickle understood the perplexed pickled president ? 
is it true that the sandwich under a delicious pickle ate a fine fine fine perplexed perplexed pickle under the perplexed chief of staff on the pickle ? 
every sandwich understood the president ! 
a pickled pickle ate the fine pickle under every pickle in every chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich understood a floor on the pickled delicious president ? 
the president understood the fine fine sandwich . 
every president understood the president ! 
every sandwich ate a floor . 
the pickled perplexed perplexed floor ate the chief of staff ! 
a perplexed chief of staff on a pickled pickled fine pickle in the president with the delicious sandwich ate the sandwich ! 
a perplexed pickled chief of staff on a fine fine sandwich ate a fine president with every pickle . 
is it true that the delicious delicious pickled delicious floor in the sandwich on a pickled pickle with the fine fine pickled delicious delicious sandwich with the floor in the sandwich understood a sandwich ? 
a sandwich understood every floor . 
a pickled fine pickled president on a sandwich wanted every perplexed perplexed sandwich . 
a sandwich wanted the pickled floor ! 
every floor on the sandwich under the floor with the pickle with the pickle on a delicious sandwich kissed the delicious fine pickle . 
a floor wanted the sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle understood a perplexed perplexed president under the perplexed president ? 
a sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor with every perplexed president understood the pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that a president in the pickled chief of staff in a president understood a fine perplexed delicious chief of staff on a pickle under a delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickled pickle under every floor with the fine delicious sandwich under the pickled fine perplexed president ate a delicious floor ? 
the sandwich kissed a pickled pickled president . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every president ? 
is it true that the president in a pickled pickled floor ate a president ? 
every floor under the pickled pickled sandwich under a delicious floor with the pickle wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every sandwich on a floor with the fine chief of staff ? 
a delicious pickled sandwich in the perplexed perplexed president ate every sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious pickled fine sandwich wanted every chief of staff ? 
is it true that every chief of staff in the delicious fine delicious floor wanted every perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed fine delicious president understood every pickled perplexed sandwich in the pickled delicious sandwich on a floor ? 
the perplexed sandwich under the chief of staff under the floor kissed the chief of staff ! 
the perplexed floor kissed the pickled perplexed president ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood a pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president understood a fine president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every perplexed fine president ? 
is it true that a floor kissed the perplexed fine sandwich ? 
every perplexed pickle understood the sandwich on a delicious pickled pickle ! 
a sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
every perplexed delicious sandwich ate a pickled floor with the fine sandwich on a perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle ate a fine perplexed fine fine president ? 
is it true that the president kissed the floor ? 
a delicious delicious chief of staff wanted the sandwich in a president under every perplexed floor on the pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle with a floor with the floor on the sandwich under the president wanted the sandwich under the delicious perplexed floor with a fine floor ? 
a perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff understood the delicious pickle in the delicious pickled perplexed fine floor in a delicious sandwich under a perplexed delicious fine chief of staff under the pickled pickle with the perplexed chief of staff under the pickled perplexed delicious president with a pickled fine fine perplexed delicious chief of staff in the perplexed pickled fine pickle with a perplexed perplexed floor with a perplexed delicious chief of staff on the president under a fine perplexed perplexed fine floor on a pickled president under a pickle on a sandwich with every chief of staff under the pickled pickled chief of staff in the perplexed fine sandwich under a sandwich with every perplexed president . 
is it true that the pickled sandwich kissed a chief of staff on a pickle ? 
the perplexed floor kissed the delicious president ! 
a delicious perplexed pickle on the pickle ate every sandwich ! 
the president in the chief of staff under every fine floor with a fine fine floor understood the sandwich . 
a pickled sandwich on the pickle with a floor ate the floor . 
the president with the pickled fine pickled perplexed fine perplexed pickle on a president on the fine delicious fine pickle on the delicious perplexed delicious perplexed pickle on the pickled fine floor on the pickled sandwich with every pickled floor with a delicious sandwich wanted a pickled sandwich . 
the delicious floor with the pickled pickle under the floor ate a chief of staff on the president . 
the fine sandwich wanted every fine fine perplexed perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the pickle with a pickled pickled sandwich in a perplexed fine delicious sandwich in a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle ate the pickle ? 
is it true that every floor understood the pickled pickled pickle ? 
the sandwich under every pickle wanted the chief of staff . 
the delicious chief of staff ate the chief of staff . 
a chief of staff understood the president in the president ! 
a floor on the sandwich in the chief of staff on the chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
the floor wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that a chief of staff understood every fine fine sandwich ? 
every pickle ate a pickle . 
is it true that every president in a chief of staff on the sandwich in a president in the fine president on a perplexed president kissed the president ? 
a chief of staff with a pickle ate a president . 
the president on every floor in a perplexed delicious perplexed delicious president with the delicious chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff ate the pickled perplexed fine perplexed delicious delicious delicious fine pickled president with every fine sandwich ! 
every chief of staff pickled the fine sandwich under every pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich understood a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a president kissed every sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickled perplexed fine president with a president under every floor ate a pickled fine perplexed fine chief of staff ? 
the pickle with every president ate the president ! 
a perplexed chief of staff in every floor understood the delicious pickle ! 
every floor with the delicious floor with the chief of staff under the perplexed delicious pickle in every perplexed pickled perplexed pickled perplexed floor under every pickle in a pickled perplexed floor in a chief of staff with the chief of staff in every pickle on the president with the delicious perplexed fine delicious delicious sandwich with every pickle on the fine pickle in every chief of staff on every fine sandwich with the fine pickle understood every chief of staff . 
the sandwich in the perplexed president with a sandwich ate the floor . 
is it true that a floor kissed the president ? 
the chief of staff in a perplexed perplexed pickled fine sandwich under the pickled pickled pickle with a delicious chief of staff in every chief of staff with the pickled president under every perplexed delicious president on the fine perplexed sandwich with every sandwich on a sandwich with a delicious fine floor understood the floor . 
is it true that a president under every sandwich ate the pickle ? 
the delicious pickled pickle with a floor understood every president in a sandwich on the fine president ! 
a chief of staff on the fine pickled president under a perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! 
the pickled fine floor in a fine fine pickled fine chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich ate a floor ? 
is it true that the delicious pickled fine floor understood the president ? 
every delicious pickled floor understood a perplexed floor ! 
a pickled pickled delicious chief of staff understood the fine president ! 
the chief of staff ate a delicious pickled chief of staff with a pickled fine pickled pickle on the sandwich under the pickle under the perplexed pickled chief of staff in the floor under the delicious sandwich with the pickle with a perplexed chief of staff ! 
a delicious president understood every fine floor . 
a perplexed pickle kissed the pickled floor . 
the pickle wanted the pickle ! 
a chief of staff in a fine president understood a floor on the president under a fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff with the pickled sandwich on every pickle on the pickle with a pickle ! 
a pickle kissed a pickle on a sandwich on a sandwich under a sandwich under a president ! 
a pickled pickled floor understood the president . 
a pickled fine chief of staff ate the fine fine perplexed floor under a fine floor in a floor under the sandwich ! 
the perplexed fine chief of staff kissed a pickled delicious perplexed sandwich under the perplexed sandwich on a perplexed fine president ! 
the floor ate the sandwich . 
a pickled pickled president wanted a president ! 
the fine sandwich ate every floor under a pickle . 
a sandwich kissed a delicious delicious perplexed floor . 
the pickle ate every floor in the delicious delicious pickled delicious chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted the delicious perplexed pickled fine pickle ! 
a perplexed pickle wanted the pickle . 
the floor understood the fine fine president . 
a pickle kissed every pickled president . 
the pickled chief of staff pickled the sandwich . 
is it true that a president kissed a pickled pickled sandwich under a pickle in a fine sandwich in a sandwich ? 
the president kissed the pickled sandwich with a sandwich . 
every delicious president wanted the pickled pickle under every president under every pickled fine perplexed chief of staff with a sandwich with a sandwich with the president . 
a president ate a pickled sandwich ! 
the president understood a floor on the perplexed floor . 
the fine pickle ate the sandwich under the president ! 
a sandwich kissed the pickle . 
every floor on a pickle with the pickled chief of staff ate a delicious perplexed delicious president . 
is it true that every president ate a floor ? 
every fine sandwich wanted a pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a sandwich ? 
the sandwich in a chief of staff wanted the delicious pickle in every perplexed delicious sandwich ! 
the chief of staff ate a pickle . 
a perplexed fine sandwich pickled every pickle in a chief of staff under the perplexed president in the perplexed sandwich under every president in a perplexed fine pickled sandwich under every sandwich under every delicious sandwich with a fine floor with a pickled pickled perplexed perplexed pickled pickle under the president . 
every pickled pickle understood every sandwich ! 
every pickle wanted a chief of staff . 
the president under a sandwich understood every pickle under the delicious fine fine president with the pickled delicious delicious floor ! 
is it true that a pickled delicious delicious president understood every delicious perplexed delicious sandwich in a perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff ? 
a fine pickle under the pickled floor kissed a floor on a chief of staff ! 
the pickled pickle in the perplexed sandwich wanted the delicious delicious sandwich . 
the perplexed fine fine pickle understood a president . 
the president kissed a sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine delicious pickled president in the chief of staff with a president with the president with the fine fine sandwich with a chief of staff with a chief of staff in a delicious pickle under a perplexed delicious delicious fine perplexed floor under the pickled delicious pickled pickle wanted a pickled fine chief of staff on the floor ? 
is it true that the pickle understood every pickled sandwich ? 
the pickle ate a pickle ! 
a pickle on a fine delicious chief of staff in a sandwich pickled the perplexed pickled delicious president with the perplexed sandwich ! 
the floor on the perplexed pickled delicious sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
the delicious fine pickled sandwich understood the sandwich in every delicious fine chief of staff with every chief of staff on every pickled perplexed fine pickle ! 
a sandwich kissed the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious delicious perplexed sandwich wanted the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich wanted every president ? 
the delicious sandwich on a president wanted the delicious sandwich on the chief of staff ! 
every sandwich wanted the floor . 
the sandwich wanted every floor ! 
a sandwich wanted the pickle with a fine president . 
is it true that the president on every delicious fine president with a chief of staff in every chief of staff under the fine pickled pickle with the pickle on the chief of staff on a floor with a delicious floor ate a sandwich ? 
a perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a floor in the pickled chief of staff with a delicious fine pickled perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff under a pickle under a fine pickled pickle with the fine floor with every chief of staff on a pickled perplexed perplexed pickle . 
the fine perplexed chief of staff in every fine perplexed delicious pickled delicious floor on a chief of staff understood the delicious sandwich . 
every pickled pickled pickle on the pickle in a pickled pickle with the floor with a pickle wanted a delicious pickled chief of staff . 
the fine perplexed pickled pickle understood a delicious delicious floor ! 
every president under the floor kissed the president . 
is it true that the floor understood the fine pickle in a sandwich under a chief of staff under the president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a fine floor under every sandwich with a pickled sandwich ? 
a floor understood the delicious chief of staff in a president on a sandwich on every floor on a chief of staff with the delicious pickle under the president in the delicious sandwich in the pickled delicious pickle on the chief of staff on the sandwich ! 
the president kissed a pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the sandwich ? 
a fine floor understood the fine floor with every delicious fine fine pickled president under a pickled president in a sandwich in the pickle on the president in the pickled floor in a pickle in the chief of staff with the chief of staff on a chief of staff on a president with the chief of staff in the chief of staff in the president with the floor in the delicious sandwich under a chief of staff ! 
the delicious pickle pickled the president ! 
every fine perplexed fine perplexed pickle wanted a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich kissed a fine chief of staff ? 
every pickle wanted the perplexed chief of staff on a fine floor under every fine perplexed pickled delicious pickled chief of staff on the pickle . 
is it true that the delicious president understood every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president wanted the president ? 
is it true that every perplexed fine sandwich kissed a pickle in a president ? 
the pickled delicious president with every sandwich on the floor with a president kissed the pickled floor ! 
is it true that the floor with the perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
a sandwich ate the fine pickle ! 
the floor wanted a chief of staff . 
the delicious sandwich understood a pickle ! 
is it true that every perplexed president understood a floor ? 
is it true that a president wanted a sandwich on the pickle under a pickle ? 
the pickled delicious chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
is it true that the pickled delicious floor understood the delicious pickled pickled president ? 
the pickle pickled the delicious floor . 
is it true that a sandwich understood the pickled fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled floor under the president ate the delicious pickled delicious fine delicious floor ? 
a sandwich ate every president ! 
the floor in the pickled pickle under the delicious pickled pickle on every pickled pickled perplexed perplexed president under a pickle ate the chief of staff in every perplexed fine fine pickled pickle under a president . 
a floor kissed a pickle . 
is it true that a delicious sandwich kissed a floor ? 
the pickled delicious pickled pickle under every floor wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a president under a fine perplexed sandwich wanted every fine floor with the sandwich with every sandwich on the pickle on the perplexed delicious chief of staff in a chief of staff on the president ? 
is it true that a pickle ate every floor ? 
the pickled fine delicious president understood a perplexed president ! 
the pickled fine president on the pickled pickle wanted the fine fine pickled pickle . 
is it true that a sandwich understood the floor ? 
is it true that every fine fine sandwich ate the perplexed perplexed chief of staff in the fine president ? 
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickled delicious delicious pickled chief of staff with the fine pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled perplexed floor understood a perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious sandwich understood the president ? 
the fine delicious pickled floor under a floor wanted every perplexed pickled chief of staff in the floor under every pickle under every pickle under the floor with the pickle ! 
a floor ate a delicious president . 
is it true that the chief of staff under the pickled chief of staff under the floor understood every pickle with a chief of staff with every chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff under the pickle on a president on a president ate the fine delicious president ! 
the sandwich with the pickle under the chief of staff in a floor ate the chief of staff . 
the president under every president on the sandwich with every president with the chief of staff with the fine pickle on the delicious sandwich on a fine chief of staff under the president with a president in a sandwich with the pickle under the perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich with the delicious pickle in the floor on a chief of staff under the floor with the president with the floor with the president with a chief of staff on the chief of staff under the floor on the fine floor understood a perplexed president on every floor on a delicious president under every pickle on the fine pickled sandwich with the delicious fine fine fine delicious president with a delicious delicious sandwich under a president on a floor . 
every floor kissed a pickled floor . 
the pickle kissed a pickled fine delicious president . 
is it true that every president kissed a pickled pickled floor ? 
every chief of staff on a president under the pickle kissed a perplexed fine sandwich . 
the sandwich on the president ate the perplexed delicious floor with every pickled fine fine floor . 
every pickle ate the pickle in a perplexed pickled president under the floor . 
a delicious chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed president on the chief of staff with the sandwich in the pickled perplexed floor in the floor under a fine pickle . 
a fine fine delicious delicious delicious chief of staff understood the chief of staff on every pickled pickled floor with the delicious perplexed pickle with every president under the pickled pickled perplexed sandwich . 
a delicious pickle with every chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
is it true that the delicious pickle kissed the delicious pickle under the floor ? 
the pickled pickled president pickled a pickle ! 
a pickle with a fine sandwich in every delicious fine sandwich under a pickle in every sandwich with the pickle with a sandwich in the perplexed delicious pickled pickled delicious perplexed perplexed president kissed a chief of staff . 
the fine delicious president kissed the floor . 
is it true that a pickle pickled the sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted a perplexed perplexed sandwich ! 
a sandwich with the delicious sandwich wanted every perplexed floor ! 
every pickle in every sandwich under every pickle in a pickle in every pickled floor kissed the sandwich with the president in the perplexed fine chief of staff under a pickle under the pickle in the fine fine pickled floor under every pickle . 
the fine chief of staff pickled every fine fine sandwich under every chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed perplexed fine perplexed president in the chief of staff ! 
the perplexed fine delicious sandwich wanted a pickle on the fine fine sandwich on the delicious president . 
a sandwich kissed the pickled chief of staff ! 
every floor on the pickle with a pickled floor on every fine pickled fine floor ate the pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff in a perplexed chief of staff under every pickle on a president . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that the president on a pickle on a chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
the delicious president under a delicious president wanted a sandwich ! 
every sandwich in the chief of staff in the sandwich kissed a pickle under every delicious chief of staff on every president under the chief of staff ! 
a delicious chief of staff ate the pickle with every president on the president in the chief of staff on the floor . 
is it true that the fine chief of staff ate every perplexed chief of staff ? 
the president understood the pickled pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor wanted a floor ? 
a chief of staff ate a pickled president ! 
is it true that a delicious pickled pickled president ate every floor ? 
a president wanted every chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the president ? 
a chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
a sandwich on the pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff on a sandwich on the chief of staff under a floor under a floor kissed the pickled pickle on a floor with a floor . 
every floor on a fine president in a delicious sandwich kissed the president ! 
a chief of staff ate the president . 
the president under the delicious pickled fine floor kissed the pickled sandwich ! 
the fine perplexed sandwich kissed every sandwich with a fine president in every sandwich ! 
the perplexed pickled pickled pickle under every perplexed pickle kissed the fine president . 
every sandwich ate a floor in the pickled perplexed pickled pickle . 
is it true that the pickled fine pickle ate a pickle ? 
a perplexed fine sandwich understood a perplexed chief of staff with the pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed the perplexed floor in the perplexed pickle with the sandwich . 
the pickle with every sandwich with the pickle with the sandwich under the pickle with the pickled delicious perplexed floor in every president in every chief of staff understood the chief of staff in the fine delicious chief of staff . 
every chief of staff kissed the fine president on a sandwich with the pickled pickle under every floor with the delicious pickled chief of staff in every pickled president in the pickled pickled chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff with the president with the perplexed fine floor under the fine pickled delicious sandwich in the sandwich under the pickled floor in the floor on the chief of staff with every floor on the perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff . 
the pickled perplexed sandwich pickled a delicious delicious pickled fine pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that a president kissed a floor under the pickled perplexed perplexed delicious president ? 
every floor on every president ate the president with every chief of staff on the fine chief of staff . 
a pickled pickled chief of staff ate the president under a floor . 
is it true that every fine sandwich ate the fine delicious floor with the pickled floor on a sandwich on a perplexed perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a pickle ate a pickled floor on the president ? 
the pickle ate a fine president . 
is it true that the sandwich on every floor wanted the pickled president on every pickled perplexed floor with a pickled chief of staff under a floor in a fine chief of staff with the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a floor on the perplexed pickle on the floor under a pickled delicious fine pickled pickled floor in a pickled sandwich kissed the fine perplexed chief of staff in a chief of staff under the president under the floor ? 
every perplexed pickled floor on every sandwich wanted a pickled floor under every fine president . 
a pickled pickled floor on a delicious delicious chief of staff wanted every president . 
every floor wanted a pickle . 
the delicious floor ate every perplexed perplexed sandwich with the fine sandwich with the pickled pickle ! 
every pickle kissed the perplexed sandwich in the fine sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich on the sandwich ate a president ? 
the delicious pickle kissed a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle understood the chief of staff under a floor ? 
the pickled sandwich with a perplexed pickled pickled floor ate every pickle ! 
the sandwich ate a chief of staff ! 
a president kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate a delicious pickled delicious president on a president under the pickle on the pickled sandwich on the president on the pickle with every delicious chief of staff ? 
the perplexed fine fine president in a delicious delicious floor on every pickle ate the delicious sandwich with every pickle with the pickled floor with a floor on every chief of staff in every floor in the pickle in every fine sandwich . 
a pickle on a floor kissed the chief of staff in every sandwich on every perplexed pickle under a sandwich ! 
the perplexed sandwich ate a perplexed perplexed pickle with the perplexed fine delicious fine floor with the floor . 
is it true that the floor wanted the chief of staff on the fine president ? 
is it true that the pickled floor kissed a sandwich ? 
a floor kissed every pickle . 
the sandwich ate a pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor ate the pickle with the president in the floor with the pickled pickle on a floor on the perplexed chief of staff with the floor ? 
the fine fine floor kissed the sandwich . 
the chief of staff with the sandwich ate a pickled president ! 
the pickle wanted a floor . 
the floor on the delicious pickle understood the president . 
the sandwich wanted a pickled pickled president with the delicious chief of staff ! 
the perplexed president on the pickled fine president on the sandwich with every sandwich on every fine perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich with the fine pickled pickle ate the fine perplexed delicious pickle ! 
is it true that every fine pickle in a chief of staff on the pickled perplexed fine delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted the pickle in the pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that a president wanted a delicious pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that every delicious fine pickled pickle ate a perplexed floor ? 
the pickled pickle wanted a sandwich . 
the perplexed pickled sandwich wanted every floor ! 
the fine delicious perplexed chief of staff understood the delicious floor ! 
every sandwich kissed the president . 
is it true that the pickled pickled fine sandwich with a sandwich under the delicious sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? 
the pickled chief of staff under every perplexed floor on every pickle in every floor under the chief of staff with a delicious fine pickled chief of staff understood the delicious chief of staff on the delicious delicious fine floor in a president . 
the sandwich kissed a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood the perplexed perplexed delicious pickled delicious fine fine floor ? 
is it true that the sandwich under every president on the president on a delicious floor pickled a perplexed president on the pickled perplexed sandwich in the fine floor under a sandwich ? 
the pickled perplexed chief of staff in the perplexed fine pickle wanted the fine fine chief of staff in every chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled perplexed president ate every pickle ? 
is it true that the floor kissed every president ? 
the pickled perplexed president understood every floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickle in every president wanted every sandwich in every delicious fine president with the pickled floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the perplexed president ? 
the sandwich wanted a pickled president . 
every sandwich ate the floor ! 
a president understood the sandwich . 
a president kissed the sandwich . 
the fine chief of staff ate the sandwich under a pickled delicious fine sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious floor ate the president on a delicious chief of staff in a fine president on a pickled floor under the pickled fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the president kissed the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor under the sandwich understood a fine delicious delicious delicious delicious pickled sandwich under the sandwich ? 
a sandwich wanted every pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
a sandwich kissed the sandwich with a sandwich on the chief of staff . 
a delicious sandwich wanted the pickle in the pickle with a pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich with a perplexed fine president with every sandwich in a president on the pickled president ! 
every pickle ate the president ! 
the sandwich ate the floor ! 
a pickle in a perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed the floor under a chief of staff on the chief of staff . 
the fine perplexed president understood the pickle with the perplexed delicious floor in the sandwich ! 
a president with the floor kissed the fine fine delicious delicious fine floor ! 
the perplexed sandwich wanted a perplexed pickle ! 
a delicious perplexed delicious pickled floor understood the perplexed president . 
is it true that a floor in every president in the pickle in a pickle on the floor under the pickle under the president on the floor understood every fine pickled perplexed pickle on the delicious pickled pickle on a chief of staff on the floor in the floor on the floor with the perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff on a pickled fine president ? 
is it true that the fine pickled chief of staff kissed a fine delicious delicious pickled floor ? 
the floor kissed every president ! 
a president ate every chief of staff with the pickle under the president . 
the floor with the president on the delicious sandwich understood the perplexed fine chief of staff in a pickled perplexed fine pickled pickle ! 
a perplexed pickle on the floor kissed every fine delicious chief of staff on a pickle in the perplexed fine floor in the perplexed fine pickled pickled floor with the fine pickled fine pickle in every pickled perplexed floor under every perplexed pickled floor in the chief of staff ! 
the pickled sandwich ate a chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious fine chief of staff under every floor with the chief of staff wanted every floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed floor in a pickle wanted a pickle ? 
the delicious pickle with the sandwich in the perplexed perplexed fine president wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed floor on the floor understood a president ? 
is it true that every delicious president wanted a president in the fine fine fine pickle on the floor ? 
is it true that the fine delicious floor on the sandwich on every floor on a perplexed chief of staff in the fine pickled fine floor with a pickle under a floor on a delicious floor under the chief of staff with the president under the president ate the pickle ? 
a pickled perplexed pickle on a pickle with a pickled chief of staff on the floor under a pickle ate the delicious fine sandwich . 
is it true that the president with a sandwich understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled fine sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
the perplexed delicious sandwich in the president pickled the chief of staff under the perplexed sandwich in the delicious pickled pickled pickle with every chief of staff on the president . 
the delicious fine pickled sandwich understood the chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff with the floor in a fine perplexed pickled sandwich pickled every chief of staff . 
the sandwich on the sandwich under the chief of staff understood the delicious floor . 
a fine delicious pickled pickle kissed the fine chief of staff with the president . 
the fine pickle understood every chief of staff . 
the delicious fine perplexed sandwich wanted a floor . 
the sandwich understood the pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled pickle understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that every fine delicious sandwich kissed the delicious pickled floor with the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine pickled president understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every perplexed floor in a floor in the delicious sandwich on the chief of staff ate every delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich ? 
is it true that every president ate a president on the pickled pickled sandwich ? 
a fine chief of staff wanted the pickle on a chief of staff with the delicious floor under the fine president under a delicious floor . 
the president under the president in a delicious floor on a floor on the perplexed delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
the president kissed a president on the delicious floor in the chief of staff ! 
the president kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate every president under the pickle ? 
the delicious floor in a pickle understood a sandwich . 
is it true that a fine floor understood the delicious pickled chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff understood a sandwich under the delicious chief of staff ! 
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
every pickled floor in the pickled chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff wanted the fine fine perplexed perplexed sandwich in every perplexed delicious sandwich under the chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a president ate the fine perplexed pickle ? 
a sandwich in the president under a pickle on a pickle in the pickled pickle on a president on a fine perplexed pickle under a fine delicious pickle ate the fine president ! 
the floor wanted the fine pickled pickle on the delicious pickle ! 
a president with a sandwich under the pickled delicious floor pickled a president in every delicious perplexed president in every pickled pickle ! 
a president ate a pickled perplexed sandwich with a president with a chief of staff with the fine pickle ! 
the perplexed sandwich kissed the perplexed perplexed president ! 
a president wanted a pickled delicious perplexed floor ! 
a sandwich wanted a fine fine fine chief of staff ! 
the sandwich wanted the perplexed delicious pickle in the fine pickled president under a floor with the floor under a pickle with a fine delicious floor . 
is it true that the delicious delicious delicious delicious floor wanted a floor ? 
the pickle kissed a floor with the delicious sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled president ate a pickle ? 
the pickle in the delicious pickle with a delicious pickle with the perplexed pickled pickled president on a president under the floor on the president in the pickled sandwich with a fine president under a delicious perplexed pickle wanted the pickled pickled president ! 
a president ate a perplexed perplexed pickle . 
the chief of staff in the pickle on a pickle kissed a sandwich . 
a fine delicious floor with the sandwich with a pickled fine fine perplexed chief of staff wanted a chief of staff with every president ! 
every fine floor kissed the pickle ! 
a chief of staff in a perplexed chief of staff under a pickle kissed the sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted a president ? 
every pickle in the sandwich understood the pickle ! 
the chief of staff ate the delicious perplexed delicious pickled president ! 
is it true that the floor in a fine pickled pickled president understood a chief of staff ? 
every perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious sandwich . 
the delicious delicious fine delicious sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
the chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed pickled delicious perplexed delicious perplexed pickle wanted the perplexed president ? 
a fine delicious fine pickle kissed the floor under the fine floor in the fine delicious pickled sandwich under the president . 
is it true that the pickle wanted every fine chief of staff ? 
a pickle kissed a pickled chief of staff . 
the pickled president ate the fine floor ! 
the fine pickle understood the delicious floor ! 
is it true that a fine president kissed the pickled sandwich under the delicious delicious sandwich with every chief of staff with the sandwich on the fine president with the floor under the fine chief of staff in every delicious pickled pickle under every pickled perplexed president with the sandwich under the chief of staff on every perplexed president in the floor with a pickle in the president on the pickle with every perplexed perplexed president in a president ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a fine fine delicious sandwich ? 
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that a fine delicious sandwich understood every pickle in the perplexed pickled delicious perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the floor in the sandwich kissed a sandwich on the floor ? 
every pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff understood every pickled perplexed fine perplexed pickled perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff under the pickle ate a pickle ? 
the pickle understood a fine pickle ! 
a fine chief of staff on the pickle under a delicious floor understood a delicious president under a chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every pickle on the perplexed president under a delicious pickle in a fine delicious sandwich ? 
the chief of staff ate the floor with the perplexed president ! 
the sandwich in the chief of staff with the floor in the pickled perplexed floor on the chief of staff with a pickled delicious perplexed floor under a floor with a pickle under every president kissed every perplexed pickle ! 
the pickled sandwich wanted a fine fine fine delicious pickled pickled sandwich with a pickled delicious president . 
the pickle under the perplexed pickled fine delicious floor under the floor pickled the delicious pickle . 
the fine chief of staff understood a delicious sandwich on the sandwich on a fine floor . 
a pickle wanted every delicious fine delicious chief of staff ! 
a delicious floor understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the president ? 
every sandwich understood the fine perplexed floor . 
the fine floor understood a sandwich in the perplexed floor with a floor under the pickle . 
is it true that every pickled floor ate the delicious floor ? 
every sandwich understood the pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed fine chief of staff wanted a president ? 
every sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
a chief of staff kissed a floor under the pickled floor with a floor under a sandwich under the pickled fine perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
is it true that every president understood the perplexed pickled delicious president with a perplexed delicious sandwich with a floor under a floor ? 
a fine perplexed pickled fine perplexed sandwich ate a pickle . 
is it true that the pickle understood the pickled pickled pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
every perplexed president understood the pickle with the perplexed sandwich in a delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich with the president . 
every pickle under every president with the pickled president on every sandwich with the perplexed president wanted a president in a fine chief of staff in a pickle . 
the pickle pickled the delicious chief of staff . 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed every chief of staff . 
a president wanted the perplexed chief of staff ! 
the perplexed sandwich wanted the pickle . 
is it true that the pickled delicious delicious delicious chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickled perplexed floor ? 
is it true that every sandwich on the sandwich in a delicious pickle in the sandwich under a pickle on a perplexed chief of staff understood a chief of staff with every sandwich on a delicious president with the perplexed sandwich under a delicious chief of staff with a perplexed sandwich under the delicious sandwich ? 
a fine president with every pickled floor understood the delicious delicious pickled fine pickle on the chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff in a floor ! 
the fine chief of staff in a floor wanted the chief of staff on every floor on a pickle under every president ! 
the chief of staff understood every fine sandwich on a president ! 
is it true that the sandwich in a sandwich understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled sandwich ate a pickled delicious perplexed floor ? 
a pickle ate a pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled perplexed sandwich on a pickle on the fine sandwich understood the pickle ? 
the sandwich wanted the floor ! 
a perplexed chief of staff in a fine pickled chief of staff in the pickle in a fine floor with every pickle in a pickled sandwich under the perplexed delicious fine pickle in the pickled sandwich under every chief of staff in the chief of staff wanted the president ! 
the fine fine delicious floor wanted the perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickle ate a pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff with the delicious pickled delicious chief of staff ! 
a perplexed fine president wanted every sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich ate a pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate every pickled perplexed chief of staff ? 
a delicious chief of staff under the pickled sandwich on a sandwich in a sandwich ate a perplexed sandwich . 
a floor in the perplexed fine pickled pickle in a pickled pickled fine pickled sandwich under a pickle under every sandwich in the floor ate the sandwich . 
the fine pickle kissed a pickle . 
a pickle ate a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle with a sandwich under the fine chief of staff under the floor in the floor with the sandwich under a pickle in a delicious sandwich under a pickled pickled floor with every chief of staff in the fine fine fine pickled floor on every perplexed pickle . 
a pickled perplexed floor understood every pickled floor . 
is it true that every pickled pickle understood a perplexed president ? 
a fine pickled sandwich with every fine perplexed fine pickle on every sandwich in the president in the floor wanted every fine pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed pickle under every delicious sandwich understood a floor ? 
a perplexed delicious sandwich kissed the chief of staff with the sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff under a delicious pickled perplexed sandwich kissed the perplexed pickled pickle on the president ? 
is it true that the president pickled the floor ? 
the fine chief of staff in every floor in the floor with the fine floor with a chief of staff wanted the sandwich in the pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle on a sandwich with the fine fine fine pickled chief of staff in the pickle in a floor with the delicious fine president on the sandwich under the president on the pickled pickled pickle under a floor wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every pickle with every perplexed pickle under the pickle in a perplexed delicious pickle ? 
a delicious delicious floor under every pickled sandwich kissed a floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the chief of staff in a pickled delicious sandwich with every president ? 
the pickle ate the chief of staff in the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff under a president wanted the delicious fine pickled perplexed perplexed president ? 
the pickle understood a floor . 
is it true that a pickled president kissed the perplexed sandwich with every pickled pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed a pickle under a pickle ? 
a delicious delicious sandwich kissed every sandwich on the chief of staff . 
a fine perplexed floor ate the sandwich ! 
the pickle with a sandwich wanted every fine sandwich . 
the sandwich wanted the pickled floor ! 
the president kissed a pickle in a delicious chief of staff . 
a fine perplexed fine chief of staff wanted the president . 
is it true that a president kissed every chief of staff ? 
is it true that every floor kissed the pickled fine chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff pickled every floor . 
a chief of staff kissed the pickle ! 
the pickle understood the fine delicious delicious floor . 
the floor under the sandwich with the floor under a pickle in a chief of staff in a pickle in the pickle in every perplexed perplexed pickle on the chief of staff under the floor in a pickle under the perplexed sandwich on the sandwich with a president with a pickle wanted every floor in a pickled pickle ! 
the president wanted every delicious sandwich on a perplexed fine chief of staff on a president ! 
the chief of staff under every floor on the fine chief of staff in a pickled fine pickle ate the pickled president ! 
a floor wanted every sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle kissed every floor ? 
a president under the fine fine chief of staff ate a pickled floor . 
is it true that a floor wanted the delicious fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled president in a chief of staff with a pickled president in the pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff in a pickled president on a president on the chief of staff under every sandwich pickled the perplexed fine president ? 
is it true that the fine delicious pickled floor ate the chief of staff ? 
a president wanted every delicious president . 
the pickle ate the chief of staff . 
the fine pickled chief of staff pickled a president ! 
is it true that every floor ate a fine pickled sandwich ? 
a sandwich kissed every fine sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed a pickled fine sandwich in the pickle ! 
the president on the delicious pickle on every chief of staff kissed a delicious delicious floor . 
a perplexed floor pickled the president ! 
a pickled perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor with every sandwich under the perplexed pickled pickle with the sandwich ate the delicious floor ? 
the president kissed a perplexed perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that every chief of staff understood the sandwich ? 
the delicious chief of staff pickled the sandwich in the perplexed sandwich with every floor in a pickled pickled sandwich ! 
a chief of staff in a sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle ! 
the perplexed chief of staff ate the pickled sandwich with a floor . 
the sandwich understood every perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted the delicious pickled delicious fine fine president on the floor ! 
the pickle understood a pickle under a floor with every perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the president with the floor on the floor in a pickle in the sandwich under the chief of staff with a pickle with the president with a perplexed pickle with the pickle in a fine chief of staff under the delicious pickle on the pickle under a fine pickled pickle ? 
is it true that every floor ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich ate every floor ? 
the fine chief of staff kissed a delicious delicious sandwich ! 
a chief of staff ate a president . 
the pickle understood a pickled pickle . 
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich under a sandwich . 
a chief of staff under a perplexed president ate the perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
the president kissed the president under a delicious fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the president understood the pickled pickle ? 
the delicious chief of staff with the chief of staff with the pickle on the pickle on every sandwich with every chief of staff understood a chief of staff under every delicious president under the chief of staff on a delicious chief of staff with the president with the pickle on a chief of staff in the floor ! 
the pickle ate the perplexed perplexed president ! 
the pickle on a sandwich under the perplexed chief of staff with the perplexed president kissed every delicious delicious chief of staff ! 
every floor kissed the delicious pickle . 
is it true that a fine pickle understood every sandwich in the pickled pickle with the chief of staff ? 
a president understood every delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickle ? 
is it true that the floor wanted a pickle on every fine president ? 
the fine perplexed chief of staff understood a pickle ! 
a delicious delicious delicious perplexed pickled floor wanted every president . 
is it true that a pickled pickled fine president wanted the floor ? 
a chief of staff ate the fine floor in a sandwich . 
the pickled pickle wanted the perplexed fine chief of staff on the fine pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff in every chief of staff under a pickle in a pickle on the fine fine chief of staff with every fine president in every fine chief of staff . 
a perplexed fine delicious sandwich with a pickle with the pickle on a perplexed pickled delicious perplexed sandwich kissed the pickled pickled delicious pickled delicious pickle ! 
the fine chief of staff on the floor wanted the sandwich . 
every perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff . 
a president understood every chief of staff ! 
the sandwich understood the pickle ! 
a pickled perplexed pickled pickled delicious floor with the pickle wanted the perplexed fine delicious pickled delicious perplexed perplexed delicious pickled pickle in a sandwich ! 
a fine fine pickled pickled pickle understood a delicious floor . 
the perplexed sandwich wanted the perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickled president on a sandwich with a pickle . 
a pickle under the president with the pickled chief of staff understood every sandwich on a floor under a chief of staff with the chief of staff in every delicious sandwich with the chief of staff in the pickle on a delicious floor on the pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed president under every fine perplexed fine sandwich with the floor kissed the floor under the sandwich ? 
every pickled president wanted a pickle in a fine sandwich . 
the floor understood every perplexed delicious perplexed pickle ! 
the pickled floor wanted the floor in every perplexed pickled chief of staff with a delicious fine chief of staff with the chief of staff . 
a chief of staff kissed the pickled fine fine chief of staff in a pickled sandwich ! 
a perplexed fine delicious chief of staff understood the pickled chief of staff ! 
the fine pickled delicious perplexed pickle kissed the floor ! 
is it true that every perplexed pickled floor in every chief of staff under the pickle in every floor in a fine pickled delicious pickle under the floor ate the pickle in the president ? 
is it true that every president kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted every floor on a pickled pickle ? 
the pickled perplexed delicious floor in the perplexed president with the delicious sandwich pickled the fine perplexed fine perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
every delicious fine president wanted the delicious pickled sandwich . 
the president wanted every chief of staff with a perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the fine president ? 
the sandwich ate a floor on the floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the pickle ? 
the fine floor ate the sandwich ! 
the pickle understood every floor ! 
is it true that a pickled sandwich kissed the pickled president ? 
a pickled floor with the fine chief of staff kissed every pickled perplexed pickled pickle ! 
the perplexed president kissed a chief of staff ! 
a pickle with the delicious sandwich kissed a delicious floor in the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle in a president in the delicious fine sandwich ate a pickle ? 
the chief of staff with the fine delicious perplexed president in the president with a pickle in the president on a sandwich under the fine chief of staff under the chief of staff understood a president with every pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that a pickle with the president ate a sandwich with a fine chief of staff in a perplexed pickle under every pickled president under the president in the chief of staff under every pickled fine floor ? 
the president understood the pickled fine fine floor under every chief of staff in a chief of staff on a perplexed pickle with every delicious pickled sandwich with a fine pickle ! 
every fine delicious pickle wanted the floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the fine floor in the perplexed chief of staff with the perplexed pickle on the sandwich on every sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle in the perplexed fine floor with the fine perplexed sandwich wanted a president on a perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich in the perplexed president in the pickled pickled perplexed fine pickled floor under a fine perplexed fine delicious pickled fine sandwich on the sandwich on the perplexed president ? 
is it true that a pickled floor wanted the sandwich ? 
a president in the chief of staff with the pickle wanted the floor . 
is it true that every chief of staff ate the perplexed delicious pickle ? 
the president wanted the president ! 
the president understood the president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff under the president ate the sandwich ? 
a floor wanted the president ! 
every pickle under a president in the chief of staff on the chief of staff under the sandwich under the delicious chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ! 
the sandwich understood the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle under the pickle under the sandwich wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the floor ? 
the fine floor understood the floor ! 
is it true that the floor in the chief of staff on the president kissed the fine floor ? 
is it true that a delicious sandwich wanted the president ? 
the perplexed president kissed a delicious delicious delicious floor ! 
a fine sandwich under a perplexed floor on a chief of staff under the chief of staff on a sandwich with a pickled chief of staff under the pickle in a perplexed pickle under the pickle under every floor in a fine president on the sandwich with the sandwich kissed every pickled pickle ! 
the delicious sandwich with the pickled chief of staff under a floor under every chief of staff on a delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff under the fine floor ate a president on the perplexed sandwich with every pickle ! 
a pickled pickle wanted the perplexed chief of staff . 
a president kissed the perplexed perplexed pickled president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff with a president on every president with the perplexed floor under the floor ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed a fine chief of staff with the pickled perplexed perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich on the fine pickled sandwich on the sandwich under the perplexed chief of staff in a pickle with the delicious delicious floor with a delicious delicious sandwich under every pickled floor on every chief of staff kissed a perplexed fine chief of staff on every sandwich in the chief of staff on the fine pickled sandwich with a floor in the pickled delicious pickle on every president with a pickled pickle ? 
the president kissed the sandwich . 
every president wanted every chief of staff ! 
the pickled sandwich understood every floor . 
is it true that every delicious sandwich under a delicious sandwich with the delicious pickled pickled president on the sandwich on every president kissed the delicious president ? 
the floor understood the fine president in the president with the fine pickle . 
the fine pickle ate the perplexed floor . 
a fine delicious perplexed pickle wanted the pickle . 
the pickled pickled president wanted the sandwich under the pickle under every pickle in the pickle . 
every perplexed fine floor under the president understood the pickled sandwich . 
the perplexed floor pickled a pickled sandwich in a perplexed perplexed president with the sandwich under a perplexed chief of staff . 
every pickle understood a floor . 
is it true that a pickle wanted the pickled pickled delicious president ? 
the delicious sandwich on every sandwich kissed a pickled pickled fine president . 
a sandwich ate every sandwich with the president ! 
the fine chief of staff on the delicious floor with every pickled sandwich on a pickled delicious floor understood the fine pickled pickle under the president in a chief of staff under every pickle in a perplexed president with a perplexed perplexed fine floor on a pickled fine sandwich with the sandwich ! 
the sandwich in a pickle in the pickled perplexed pickle under every pickled pickled pickled pickle with a pickled sandwich under a pickle kissed a floor in the perplexed chief of staff ! 
a delicious pickled chief of staff understood the delicious pickle . 
is it true that the president ate a chief of staff ? 
a pickled president under the sandwich on the floor ate the president . 
the floor wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that the president kissed every floor ? 
a chief of staff understood the sandwich in every pickled pickle . 
a fine pickled perplexed fine perplexed floor with a sandwich in every president ate the pickled floor ! 
is it true that the fine chief of staff on every chief of staff under the chief of staff under the president with every pickled pickled sandwich under a pickle on the delicious fine fine president kissed the pickled fine fine sandwich ? 
the sandwich kissed the fine delicious pickle . 
the president understood a floor ! 
a floor under a perplexed chief of staff on the floor wanted the chief of staff . 
every perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff understood the fine sandwich . 
is it true that a president ate a fine perplexed pickle with a pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed president wanted the pickled fine fine president with a pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a president ? 
the pickled pickled pickle ate a pickle . 
the chief of staff understood the perplexed floor . 
a sandwich kissed the pickle . 
the chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff with every president under a pickle with every president on a chief of staff with the floor with every perplexed delicious floor kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled floor wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that a fine pickle ate the perplexed delicious pickle ? 
the pickled fine perplexed delicious chief of staff with a fine president in a chief of staff understood the floor ! 
the sandwich understood every pickle . 
the floor kissed the fine president . 
a pickled perplexed president understood a pickled sandwich ! 
a floor understood the perplexed president in every president ! 
a fine perplexed fine floor understood every floor . 
is it true that a pickle wanted every floor ? 
a pickled sandwich kissed the president ! 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the fine pickled fine delicious floor ? 
a perplexed pickle under the floor in the perplexed sandwich on a delicious perplexed pickled pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff in a sandwich ate every floor ! 
a perplexed fine perplexed pickle ate the floor on a pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff wanted a floor ? 
is it true that every perplexed pickle with a president with the fine sandwich understood every fine chief of staff in the floor in every president under the floor with every sandwich ? 
the delicious pickle understood the floor . 
the delicious chief of staff on the fine chief of staff understood the perplexed pickle . 
the floor on the perplexed pickled pickled fine delicious sandwich on the pickle under the fine pickle in every perplexed floor with every fine pickle in the pickle under the delicious fine sandwich under the president pickled the fine fine sandwich . 
a floor understood the president in a pickled perplexed floor on every perplexed fine president on the sandwich . 
a pickled pickled sandwich wanted a pickle . 
is it true that a pickled sandwich wanted every sandwich ? 
a chief of staff ate every pickled chief of staff under the pickled pickled president ! 
a delicious floor kissed the pickled perplexed pickled pickle . 
every pickled floor in every perplexed pickle with a perplexed chief of staff under a pickled president under a delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff in the pickle on a perplexed chief of staff understood the pickled delicious perplexed pickle with a chief of staff . 
the delicious floor in a president on a perplexed sandwich in the chief of staff with a president under the pickle kissed a chief of staff in every president under every pickled sandwich in the fine fine president ! 
the fine president under every pickled floor in every fine chief of staff under a president in a floor wanted a perplexed president on the pickle on a chief of staff under a floor with every floor under every floor with a pickle with a delicious fine perplexed sandwich ! 
the sandwich kissed every delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? 
a pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed a sandwich ! 
a sandwich on a chief of staff kissed the pickled delicious president ! 
the chief of staff under the perplexed pickled fine delicious president with a president kissed a fine perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich on a pickled sandwich in a pickle in the sandwich in a delicious chief of staff under a pickled fine chief of staff on every pickled fine pickle in the pickled pickled sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
every sandwich on a fine perplexed sandwich kissed the chief of staff . 
is it true that the president under the delicious delicious delicious chief of staff kissed a floor ? 
a president wanted every fine pickle on the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious fine pickled floor wanted a president in the pickled chief of staff in a perplexed perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a floor understood a delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor kissed a pickled pickle ? 
a pickle wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that the fine chief of staff on every floor under a delicious chief of staff under the delicious chief of staff under a pickled delicious floor ate a pickled chief of staff with a president under a pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious fine floor kissed a president ? 
a floor with a pickle wanted the delicious pickled delicious pickled pickled delicious president ! 
a pickle kissed the pickle on the floor ! 
is it true that the delicious fine floor understood a sandwich under the perplexed floor ? 
the president on the pickled floor ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle kissed every perplexed delicious sandwich ? 
a perplexed fine sandwich understood the delicious chief of staff ! 
a delicious delicious floor ate every pickle ! 
every floor ate the delicious delicious delicious delicious pickle . 
the pickled pickle ate a president . 
the fine pickle understood every chief of staff ! 
is it true that every floor on a chief of staff wanted a delicious perplexed sandwich with a sandwich under the perplexed perplexed fine pickle ? 
a delicious fine pickled pickle in every pickled pickle under a pickled fine chief of staff understood the chief of staff in the pickle ! 
the chief of staff in the chief of staff under the pickled delicious floor understood the perplexed sandwich with the perplexed president . 
every chief of staff ate a president ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
a president ate the sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickle wanted a floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickle on every sandwich kissed the president under the president with a president on a pickle under the delicious fine president with a fine pickled pickle on a perplexed perplexed pickle with the pickle on a perplexed pickled fine fine president in the fine floor with a fine delicious perplexed delicious floor on every pickled pickled fine president on the president under the fine floor on the sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious delicious pickled pickled pickled pickle ate a sandwich ? 
a president on the delicious chief of staff ate the pickle ! 
is it true that every fine fine sandwich ate the fine president with every pickled floor on a president in the pickled perplexed president with the floor with a sandwich under a pickle in the sandwich in a perplexed pickle with the pickle with a pickled perplexed pickle in a perplexed delicious chief of staff with the pickle ? 
the president kissed a pickle . 
the pickled floor wanted the pickled pickle ! 
every fine chief of staff with the pickled president on a chief of staff ate the pickled pickle ! 
the floor understood the pickle ! 
is it true that the fine president with a floor with the pickled pickled floor on the pickle on the pickle on a chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed fine delicious fine pickle with every floor under a president in a fine sandwich ate the chief of staff ? 
a delicious sandwich wanted the floor with the sandwich ! 
the president ate the chief of staff in a pickled chief of staff with the president . 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious fine sandwich ? 
every perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff under a pickled delicious pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle wanted a delicious pickle ? 
the sandwich under the floor under a president in a sandwich on the perplexed sandwich in every chief of staff on the sandwich under a pickle with the floor wanted the pickle ! 
the sandwich wanted the fine president ! 
every pickled fine president with the floor kissed the delicious pickle in every fine pickle . 
a fine sandwich ate the president on the fine president . 
the fine pickle kissed the delicious sandwich ! 
a pickled president ate the sandwich on the pickled pickle on the pickled pickled pickled pickled floor on a pickled pickle on a president on the fine pickled sandwich under a sandwich in every pickled pickled pickle ! 
a pickled perplexed pickle ate the fine fine pickled chief of staff . 
every president ate the president ! 
a pickle wanted a sandwich . 
the perplexed perplexed pickle in every delicious pickle in a chief of staff in every chief of staff understood a floor . 
is it true that a sandwich with the floor kissed a perplexed chief of staff ? 
a fine floor kissed the floor in the delicious floor . 
is it true that a delicious floor understood the delicious chief of staff ? 
the sandwich in the sandwich understood a fine chief of staff on every pickle on a delicious pickle . 
is it true that a pickle ate the sandwich under the president ? 
every delicious chief of staff on every fine fine president under every sandwich in a perplexed perplexed fine fine pickled delicious floor in the sandwich under the delicious delicious fine chief of staff under a floor on the sandwich understood every chief of staff ! 
is it true that every perplexed pickled pickled pickled sandwich wanted every perplexed pickle ? 
every floor with the fine delicious perplexed floor wanted a floor with the chief of staff under the floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed president kissed the perplexed sandwich ? 
a president understood a floor with a sandwich under the pickle with the perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich under the pickled fine chief of staff on the sandwich in a pickled delicious pickle under the pickle under a delicious sandwich under the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the floor with every perplexed pickle in the president with a perplexed perplexed pickled floor in a president in the pickled fine fine delicious floor on the fine president wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich kissed a pickle ? 
the sandwich under the president on the president wanted a perplexed perplexed delicious fine president on the perplexed fine pickled sandwich with the pickle ! 
a fine sandwich wanted every pickle under the delicious perplexed fine sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff in a pickle ! 
is it true that a delicious fine president in a fine floor kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that the fine floor with the delicious perplexed president on the president in a perplexed pickled delicious floor ate a pickled floor in the fine sandwich with the delicious chief of staff on every pickled sandwich ? 
the fine floor with the chief of staff understood a floor . 
the sandwich understood the fine floor under the fine chief of staff under a floor on the delicious delicious sandwich on the sandwich in the chief of staff under a pickled president on a chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious delicious president kissed the president under the fine perplexed fine delicious pickled floor on the chief of staff in every floor ? 
is it true that the president kissed the perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich ? 
a fine sandwich kissed the fine pickled pickled perplexed delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor kissed the perplexed pickle ? 
the chief of staff ate every perplexed floor ! 
the perplexed chief of staff with the fine pickle kissed the perplexed president . 
is it true that the perplexed floor kissed every chief of staff in every floor under the delicious fine delicious perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that the floor kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich understood a pickle ? 
the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff on the floor . 
the delicious perplexed floor understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled floor understood every chief of staff ? 
the floor on the floor in every sandwich understood a pickled pickled perplexed fine floor under every president . 
every pickled president kissed every chief of staff on the pickle in the pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the floor in the sandwich ate the pickled floor on the president with the floor ? 
the president wanted a delicious president . 
a sandwich kissed the floor ! 
the sandwich kissed a perplexed pickled perplexed pickle ! 
the delicious floor understood every president under a pickle in the sandwich with a floor with every chief of staff under a chief of staff on the pickled pickle ! 
the pickled perplexed sandwich in the pickled fine chief of staff in a floor with every delicious fine fine fine chief of staff in the sandwich with the pickle under the sandwich kissed the pickle in the chief of staff under the chief of staff on a chief of staff under the perplexed delicious president ! 
every chief of staff ate the pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed delicious perplexed pickle under a delicious sandwich understood the president with a perplexed floor under a floor ? 
is it true that the fine perplexed sandwich wanted a floor ? 
is it true that a pickle understood a floor ? 
every pickled president ate a pickle under a floor under the pickle on every delicious pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious pickle ate the pickle ? 
is it true that every president in a floor with a chief of staff with the president in the delicious perplexed delicious president on a delicious pickle on a floor with the chief of staff with a president with the perplexed sandwich in a fine fine chief of staff in the pickled pickled sandwich in a sandwich in the sandwich in the fine delicious chief of staff under the pickle on the perplexed fine delicious president with every president on a fine fine sandwich on a chief of staff with a president in the sandwich with a fine delicious fine floor under the chief of staff on a president ate the floor ? 
every sandwich kissed the pickle under the fine sandwich . 
every sandwich wanted a chief of staff on every chief of staff in the president in the chief of staff with the pickled perplexed chief of staff on the pickled president on the floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted a pickle ? 
a delicious perplexed chief of staff in the floor under the fine fine floor on every president on the floor understood a pickle ! 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff on a sandwich under the floor kissed a delicious fine president ? 
is it true that every pickle kissed the delicious president ? 
the chief of staff ate a president . 
a fine president kissed the president in the sandwich with the pickled pickled pickle on the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the pickled floor ? 
the floor kissed a pickle in the fine pickle in the sandwich on the floor with a president in the pickled floor with every floor in the fine fine sandwich under the perplexed chief of staff ! 
every fine perplexed president understood a sandwich on a perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that a president wanted every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff with every pickle with the perplexed pickled pickle in the chief of staff in every fine president under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich under the fine fine president ate the delicious pickled perplexed perplexed floor ? 
the pickle kissed every pickle ! 
the perplexed perplexed delicious floor with the delicious fine floor in a pickle understood a floor ! 
the floor wanted a delicious chief of staff . 
a chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
is it true that the fine president understood the chief of staff ? 
a president understood the president with the chief of staff . 
every sandwich understood every pickle . 
the pickled fine president on the sandwich under a pickle on every chief of staff in the sandwich under the delicious sandwich pickled the perplexed fine chief of staff in a fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich . 
a floor understood the delicious pickled pickle with the president on a chief of staff on the pickle in every chief of staff on every fine chief of staff in a sandwich . 
a delicious pickle with a pickled sandwich understood every president ! 
a delicious sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle ! 
the floor understood every fine fine perplexed pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickle . 
a delicious chief of staff in the floor with every pickled delicious pickle wanted a pickled sandwich ! 
the perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor wanted the perplexed pickle in every pickled floor on a sandwich on a president ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate every president on the sandwich ? 
the floor under the fine perplexed pickle ate the perplexed pickled floor . 
the president in a floor with every pickled chief of staff ate a perplexed floor in the floor ! 
is it true that the fine floor understood the pickle under a fine pickled chief of staff on a sandwich under a floor with the president with the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a delicious floor understood every delicious floor ? 
a floor ate a delicious perplexed president . 
is it true that every sandwich in a perplexed delicious pickled pickled sandwich kissed the president ? 
the delicious fine sandwich wanted a president . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ? 
every president pickled the delicious president . 
every fine president with a pickled fine delicious pickled pickle in a delicious president in a floor on the pickle on the fine sandwich on a delicious pickle with the delicious sandwich under a pickle ate the chief of staff . 
every floor ate the floor . 
a sandwich ate every delicious perplexed fine sandwich ! 
the pickled chief of staff ate a floor . 
the floor understood the delicious sandwich ! 
the chief of staff on a chief of staff with the pickle with a pickle under every pickle ate a fine pickle ! 
every chief of staff with the president in the delicious floor kissed a fine pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that a fine delicious delicious sandwich on every pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff in the floor in a pickle kissed every floor ? 
the chief of staff understood the floor ! 
is it true that every floor ate every pickled pickled delicious delicious perplexed pickled pickle ? 
the fine delicious perplexed sandwich in the sandwich kissed a president . 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich under the floor under a chief of staff with the pickled perplexed chief of staff in a delicious perplexed fine fine pickled chief of staff under a fine perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich with every fine delicious floor in the pickled president kissed the president under the fine pickle ? 
the floor under the pickled pickle with a president understood every chief of staff in the president . 
every pickled president in every pickled perplexed president kissed every president ! 
the delicious chief of staff pickled the perplexed perplexed floor . 
the pickle kissed the perplexed fine president . 
every fine pickle wanted the fine floor . 
is it true that the fine president understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff on every floor kissed the president ? 
is it true that every delicious president ate the delicious president ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious sandwich kissed the fine pickle ? 
the floor kissed a perplexed chief of staff on the delicious floor ! 
the delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
the pickled pickle in the delicious president in the pickle in a sandwich kissed a president . 
is it true that a sandwich wanted a delicious pickle ? 
every fine chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed president ate a president under every fine president ? 
a president wanted the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled president wanted a president with a perplexed chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff under the pickle wanted a president ! 
a perplexed fine pickle wanted the perplexed sandwich . 
the fine chief of staff with the delicious pickled chief of staff in the sandwich ate the pickle with a perplexed floor ! 
the floor kissed the floor . 
is it true that the perplexed fine chief of staff ate the chief of staff on a president with a fine floor under the perplexed pickle on a delicious sandwich on a fine delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious fine floor kissed the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff on a fine floor wanted the fine delicious fine sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickled pickle on the perplexed president ate a perplexed perplexed president in a pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich under the chief of staff understood a chief of staff on the fine floor under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted a delicious delicious fine perplexed pickle on a chief of staff with a chief of staff with a chief of staff under every president with the sandwich on a pickled floor on a perplexed chief of staff in the pickled perplexed pickle in the chief of staff under the pickle with a delicious pickle on a pickled sandwich under the pickle with every fine delicious fine pickled sandwich in every perplexed fine perplexed pickle on the delicious perplexed pickle under a chief of staff under a fine perplexed chief of staff under a pickled fine fine fine delicious floor on the president with every president on a president in the president under the chief of staff on the perplexed floor with a sandwich with every pickled fine delicious pickled delicious president ? 
is it true that the pickle ate every chief of staff ? 
a floor on the sandwich understood every president ! 
is it true that a pickled sandwich under the pickled floor understood a floor with a fine pickled delicious fine chief of staff in the sandwich under the president in the floor with every pickle ? 
every delicious perplexed sandwich under the sandwich on the sandwich with the pickle in the president kissed a delicious delicious sandwich on the president in the fine president . 
every fine fine perplexed sandwich under every chief of staff on every sandwich pickled every delicious fine pickled pickled pickled perplexed pickle . 
the chief of staff pickled a pickled floor on a chief of staff on the chief of staff in a president with every sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle on every president on a pickled pickle on a chief of staff under the floor in a fine pickled pickled pickled perplexed president in the pickled floor wanted a delicious perplexed floor ? 
every perplexed chief of staff on a floor understood the pickle on every president on the president on the perplexed president on the fine floor in a pickle under every fine delicious sandwich with the pickle with a perplexed pickled delicious pickled chief of staff in a fine chief of staff on a pickle under every pickle in every fine chief of staff under every fine pickled pickle in the fine president on a perplexed sandwich under a president on a sandwich in the delicious pickle in every pickle on the pickled chief of staff with the pickle . 
is it true that a fine floor understood the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the pickled pickle understood the president on the delicious pickled president with the president with the president with a sandwich . 
every sandwich ate the fine floor . 
is it true that a delicious fine floor on a fine sandwich wanted the president in a delicious perplexed president on the pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich under the sandwich kissed the floor ? 
a chief of staff ate a delicious pickle . 
every perplexed delicious pickled president ate a pickled floor on a pickle under the perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff on the perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich under the fine perplexed chief of staff with every perplexed floor under a fine pickled pickle in a pickled delicious pickled perplexed pickled president with the president under a chief of staff under a chief of staff in every pickled sandwich on a fine pickle on every delicious pickle in the sandwich under every pickled president in the pickled president on the president in the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich with a delicious delicious delicious delicious sandwich kissed the perplexed sandwich in a pickled perplexed pickle under a pickled perplexed pickle on every delicious fine president . 
the fine chief of staff understood a sandwich . 
the fine fine floor pickled the pickle . 
a perplexed pickle understood the sandwich under a pickled pickled pickled pickle in a fine president under the chief of staff under the perplexed pickled pickled sandwich in the delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle in the delicious perplexed pickled pickle under a perplexed floor under the perplexed delicious chief of staff ! 
the floor ate every chief of staff on a president on the pickled pickle on a fine president with every pickled fine delicious pickle . 
a fine fine president ate the pickled president . 
the floor kissed every sandwich under the floor under every delicious pickled pickle with the fine fine perplexed fine perplexed perplexed sandwich in every chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich in every fine pickled pickle under the pickle ! 
a fine delicious sandwich in a pickle ate a fine perplexed perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the floor wanted a floor ? 
every perplexed president wanted the floor ! 
a sandwich in a delicious pickled sandwich wanted the pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that every perplexed pickle in a president in the fine delicious fine perplexed pickle in every pickle on the delicious sandwich on the perplexed floor in the floor with a sandwich wanted a perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a president ate a chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff with the perplexed sandwich with every perplexed sandwich understood a pickled president under the floor under the chief of staff ! 
the pickle kissed a president ! 
is it true that a sandwich ate the delicious delicious pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious pickled perplexed delicious floor with the fine floor on a floor under the delicious delicious perplexed perplexed delicious fine floor under a sandwich wanted the delicious perplexed pickle ? 
the delicious pickled floor on the chief of staff under the perplexed pickled floor on the fine fine sandwich on every chief of staff with the fine fine chief of staff in the floor under the pickled chief of staff with the president in the fine floor on a sandwich kissed the president on a president with a president . 
the perplexed pickle on every delicious president ate every floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a pickle ? 
is it true that the president wanted a sandwich in every sandwich ? 
the pickled perplexed pickled fine fine delicious sandwich ate every pickle in a pickle with the perplexed floor in the sandwich . 
the pickle understood the pickle ! 
the president in a perplexed president under a delicious chief of staff with the fine pickled delicious pickle on every chief of staff wanted every pickle . 
the perplexed president kissed the chief of staff ! 
the pickled delicious pickle understood a sandwich ! 
a sandwich wanted a perplexed pickle under the floor on a pickle on the sandwich in a delicious fine perplexed fine fine fine chief of staff with a floor under every chief of staff on the fine chief of staff with the pickle under the president under the fine pickle in the delicious pickle with the president on the fine floor in the chief of staff with every perplexed chief of staff under the pickle under a president . 
is it true that the pickle ate the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled perplexed president pickled a perplexed president ? 
the pickle wanted the perplexed president . 
is it true that the delicious floor in a delicious pickle kissed a floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate every perplexed president ? 
is it true that the delicious floor with a sandwich ate every delicious sandwich under every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the perplexed fine fine delicious sandwich with a floor ? 
the delicious delicious pickled sandwich on every president on the pickle in every floor in the pickle on a floor with the delicious floor with the delicious floor on a sandwich on a sandwich with a delicious delicious floor under the pickle in a floor in a chief of staff under the floor wanted a chief of staff ! 
the pickled perplexed chief of staff ate a pickle on a pickled chief of staff with a sandwich in every president with the floor under the fine perplexed perplexed pickled pickled floor with the delicious president under the perplexed president in a pickle with every floor with the president ! 
every pickle on the floor in the delicious president wanted a floor on a sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a floor on the delicious floor with every perplexed sandwich on every floor under a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled perplexed president understood the delicious president ? 
is it true that the perplexed fine pickle kissed a sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious perplexed president understood a president ? 
the chief of staff wanted a pickle on every perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that every fine perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted the pickle on every delicious perplexed pickle with the president ? 
the pickled fine pickled delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff on a sandwich on a delicious delicious president on a sandwich under the perplexed fine perplexed floor in the chief of staff under a floor ate a pickled sandwich . 
the sandwich ate the perplexed delicious perplexed floor . 
is it true that a fine delicious sandwich pickled the delicious delicious delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff with every delicious fine delicious floor under the sandwich under a sandwich ? 
a floor understood a chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor on the sandwich on the sandwich with the fine president understood every pickle in the delicious pickle in the president under the pickled pickle ? 
the floor on a fine floor with the chief of staff understood the fine pickle . 
the sandwich ate the delicious floor with a pickled perplexed sandwich under every president . 
is it true that a chief of staff in a chief of staff in the perplexed pickle with the president under the president on every fine pickle with the fine floor in the floor pickled the president ? 
the pickle on the sandwich with the fine fine perplexed delicious floor understood every president in every perplexed delicious fine fine fine floor ! 
the delicious fine fine sandwich wanted the fine floor . 
the pickled floor in the floor on every perplexed chief of staff understood the president under every delicious delicious fine perplexed president . 
is it true that a pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed the sandwich . 
a president kissed the delicious sandwich ! 
every delicious president wanted a delicious president in the floor with the floor on the perplexed floor with the sandwich with the pickled delicious pickled president under a floor . 
every president with the perplexed sandwich on a pickled president understood the perplexed delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that every chief of staff with the pickled president understood every perplexed pickled floor ? 
the pickled pickle understood every fine pickled president in a chief of staff ! 
a pickle on a pickled perplexed perplexed pickled floor understood the sandwich ! 
the president with a perplexed pickle kissed the president on a delicious sandwich ! 
the pickle understood the pickled pickle ! 
the chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
is it true that a perplexed fine floor understood the pickle ? 
every floor wanted the sandwich . 
a chief of staff wanted a president in a fine president under a pickled perplexed pickle under the chief of staff . 
is it true that a president on every president ate the floor on the floor ? 
the pickle kissed the sandwich under a pickle on a perplexed pickled floor under the pickle under a sandwich in the floor ! 
the sandwich ate the chief of staff on the sandwich . 
every pickle understood the sandwich with a floor under the pickle in the delicious delicious president . 
a fine pickle in every pickled fine sandwich with the floor wanted the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor wanted a pickled delicious fine pickled chief of staff ? 
a perplexed fine fine delicious president ate every president . 
is it true that every president wanted every fine president ? 
every president ate the sandwich under the delicious pickle under the floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff understood the pickled chief of staff ? 
every floor under the perplexed perplexed sandwich on every delicious fine floor wanted a president . 
every delicious chief of staff wanted the floor under a pickle under a chief of staff in the president under the pickle in every floor on the perplexed fine sandwich under the chief of staff on the delicious perplexed delicious floor in the chief of staff under every pickled floor ! 
the delicious chief of staff wanted the president . 
the fine delicious delicious pickled floor on the fine fine delicious president with the president under a pickled perplexed floor ate a pickled fine perplexed perplexed fine president ! 
a floor wanted the floor under the pickled chief of staff . 
the sandwich kissed the pickled delicious chief of staff . 
a president in the sandwich with a sandwich under the fine pickled pickle wanted the fine president . 
the delicious pickle ate a pickle under every floor with the delicious chief of staff . 
a perplexed pickled floor kissed the fine chief of staff with the president in the pickled pickled pickled floor ! 
the sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff on a fine chief of staff on the fine fine chief of staff under the fine pickled pickle in a president with the pickle in every perplexed president on the pickle under the sandwich under a delicious floor on the fine fine fine delicious perplexed president on the pickled delicious president kissed every pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed president wanted the floor ? 
every fine fine president kissed the delicious floor . 
is it true that a pickled perplexed perplexed fine delicious floor wanted the sandwich with a pickle with every pickle on the pickled chief of staff on the sandwich under a sandwich with a delicious delicious pickle ? 
the chief of staff understood the perplexed sandwich . 
the president wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle in the president kissed the delicious pickle ? 
the delicious delicious president understood a delicious fine sandwich ! 
a chief of staff ate a fine floor under the perplexed pickled pickled president under the pickle in every pickled sandwich with a delicious chief of staff in the perplexed fine floor ! 
the pickled chief of staff kissed the perplexed delicious delicious perplexed fine floor ! 
a delicious chief of staff understood the president under the perplexed floor on the president ! 
a chief of staff with a delicious floor on the fine fine pickled floor understood a chief of staff ! 
a president ate the pickled sandwich ! 
every delicious president kissed a fine sandwich ! 
the sandwich kissed a delicious pickle ! 
is it true that a perplexed fine delicious chief of staff wanted the pickle with the delicious sandwich under a floor ? 
is it true that the delicious fine pickle understood a sandwich ? 
a sandwich understood every sandwich . 
a fine president on the president on every president understood the president under the president . 
is it true that the perplexed floor under a chief of staff wanted the president in the sandwich with a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor kissed a sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine pickled floor with the perplexed sandwich wanted the chief of staff on the floor ? 
every perplexed floor on the floor pickled a sandwich ! 
the perplexed perplexed president on the perplexed sandwich understood the floor in every chief of staff under the perplexed pickled pickled president . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious floor ate every floor on a delicious floor ? 
a pickled perplexed perplexed president with the fine president with the pickled floor ate a floor ! 
the president wanted a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff on every chief of staff ate a pickle ! 
a president under a chief of staff under the sandwich on the delicious pickle with the chief of staff in a pickle under the fine fine pickle on the delicious president under the pickle in a floor with a pickle with the pickle understood every pickled fine pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich with the floor ate the perplexed fine floor under the perplexed chief of staff with the pickle ? 
the perplexed president ate the president ! 
the perplexed fine perplexed president on the pickle ate the pickle ! 
the floor under a pickled pickle under a perplexed fine fine fine delicious fine pickled delicious pickle on a sandwich in the delicious perplexed sandwich wanted every pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the president ? 
the delicious president kissed every president . 
a sandwich understood the floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff on the fine president under a chief of staff ate every sandwich ? 
every sandwich ate the pickle ! 
every pickled president ate a pickled perplexed sandwich on a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a fine pickled sandwich wanted a president under a delicious chief of staff in a president on a chief of staff ? 
the floor on the sandwich under a fine fine pickle on the fine floor kissed every pickle ! 
a fine perplexed chief of staff with a floor understood a perplexed fine perplexed president ! 
is it true that the floor wanted a chief of staff ? 
a president understood every pickle in the chief of staff ! 
the pickle under the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
the sandwich wanted the perplexed floor . 
is it true that a pickled sandwich wanted the president ? 
is it true that every perplexed perplexed pickle on the floor under a president under the chief of staff on the perplexed floor with the perplexed delicious sandwich under every president ate the pickle ? 
is it true that the fine floor kissed a floor ? 
the floor with the president kissed a delicious president ! 
the fine chief of staff kissed a perplexed president ! 
is it true that every president kissed a fine perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the floor wanted a president ? 
a pickled sandwich kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that a president wanted a president ? 
the president kissed the perplexed floor with a floor ! 
the perplexed sandwich ate the delicious perplexed pickle . 
a fine pickled fine sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor pickled every perplexed sandwich ? 
the fine floor under a fine delicious perplexed delicious pickle with every president under the chief of staff on every pickle wanted every sandwich ! 
a floor with the delicious pickled delicious floor pickled a perplexed delicious delicious pickle . 
the floor under the perplexed pickle in every perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich in the delicious fine fine perplexed pickled sandwich in the floor in every pickled chief of staff ate the pickled sandwich ! 
a delicious sandwich with the pickled chief of staff kissed the perplexed chief of staff in a president ! 
is it true that every delicious president understood the fine perplexed president ? 
the president kissed every president with a sandwich in every floor under the floor in the pickled fine delicious chief of staff under every pickled pickle on the chief of staff on the sandwich on the president ! 
every chief of staff in the sandwich kissed the fine pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood the sandwich ? 
every delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed the president . 
a pickle understood a perplexed delicious fine sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich in a floor understood every pickled pickled president on the pickled perplexed pickle on the delicious delicious fine president ? 
the chief of staff kissed a delicious delicious fine floor . 
a fine perplexed delicious floor kissed every perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich on the perplexed perplexed perplexed president with the sandwich with a floor on the pickled president on every perplexed delicious floor under the president with the pickle on a fine chief of staff on a sandwich in the chief of staff on a pickled delicious fine perplexed pickle with the pickle under the chief of staff in the pickle on a delicious sandwich understood every fine delicious fine delicious fine president ? 
every chief of staff wanted the perplexed fine pickle . 
a president kissed a pickle with the delicious fine chief of staff under the president on a president on a delicious sandwich with the chief of staff with every perplexed perplexed pickled floor ! 
is it true that the delicious perplexed floor in the pickled delicious president on a floor in the president in the fine chief of staff in the president under the pickled pickle ate the delicious fine president in every delicious delicious pickled pickle with a fine delicious delicious pickled perplexed delicious pickled delicious pickled delicious president ? 
a sandwich on the pickle ate a pickled fine sandwich . 
a fine perplexed sandwich understood a president with every sandwich ! 
a fine chief of staff with a pickle in a delicious pickle with the floor in the chief of staff with a sandwich under the president with a president ate the fine floor . 
is it true that a floor in the floor on the pickle under the pickled perplexed delicious floor with a fine president wanted the sandwich with a pickle under the fine perplexed perplexed delicious delicious perplexed pickled floor on a chief of staff with a president on a perplexed perplexed president in every sandwich on the floor with a pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickle wanted the delicious floor ? 
a perplexed pickle on the sandwich in the floor wanted the delicious pickled perplexed fine president . 
every pickled floor wanted the delicious perplexed pickled pickle ! 
the pickle on a sandwich under a fine perplexed pickled delicious sandwich on a chief of staff on a perplexed floor on the fine fine floor wanted the delicious pickled floor ! 
is it true that a perplexed floor with every floor ate the pickle under the perplexed president in a perplexed delicious floor under the perplexed chief of staff ? 
a pickled floor ate every chief of staff on every floor ! 
the fine delicious president pickled the sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle on the fine perplexed floor ate the pickle ? 
the sandwich kissed a pickle . 
a pickle ate a pickled president . 
the president wanted the chief of staff . 
every president in a fine sandwich on the chief of staff understood a sandwich ! 
every chief of staff wanted a delicious fine pickle on the perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle wanted a chief of staff ? 
a fine president kissed a floor ! 
the floor understood the floor . 
is it true that a sandwich ate the pickle ? 
is it true that a fine chief of staff ate a pickled perplexed floor with the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate the fine pickled sandwich under every president under a pickle . 
the perplexed fine delicious delicious perplexed delicious floor wanted every delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the perplexed fine sandwich kissed a sandwich ? 
a floor in a pickled chief of staff on every perplexed fine pickled floor wanted the pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! 
the pickled pickle kissed a delicious perplexed president . 
the pickle understood the fine sandwich ! 
the delicious delicious fine fine pickle kissed a delicious sandwich . 
the floor kissed the chief of staff with the president under every pickle on the sandwich under the president ! 
every pickled president wanted a chief of staff ! 
the pickled pickle with the delicious perplexed fine pickle understood the chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
the chief of staff kissed a sandwich ! 
the pickle ate the fine delicious pickled pickle . 
the pickle in the floor with the president under a pickle in a president under a floor kissed a chief of staff . 
the pickle wanted a pickle ! 
a pickle ate a delicious pickled pickle . 
a chief of staff ate a pickle . 
every fine fine president on a delicious delicious fine sandwich ate every fine pickled perplexed pickled floor ! 
every sandwich kissed the chief of staff . 
every delicious president understood the delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled floor understood a chief of staff ? 
every fine sandwich on every pickled sandwich with every chief of staff wanted every delicious delicious pickle under a floor on every president in a delicious chief of staff on the floor with the pickle ! 
every chief of staff understood the president in the pickled pickled delicious fine pickle under a chief of staff under the president under the pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff under the floor . 
the pickle on the chief of staff under a delicious perplexed floor under the president in the fine pickled perplexed chief of staff ate the sandwich under the pickle with the sandwich on the pickle on a pickle under the sandwich on a perplexed president . 
is it true that the president pickled a perplexed chief of staff in the delicious pickle ? 
the sandwich understood every floor . 
a perplexed sandwich pickled the pickled sandwich . 
a pickled pickle pickled the chief of staff . 
a president wanted the delicious pickled pickle . 
the perplexed pickled pickled floor on the chief of staff in a pickled chief of staff kissed the floor in the sandwich with a floor in a chief of staff . 
the president in every sandwich with the chief of staff on a pickled floor with the sandwich in the delicious fine perplexed perplexed fine floor in the delicious perplexed sandwich under the fine chief of staff kissed every chief of staff under the chief of staff in a president . 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich wanted the floor ? 
the pickle ate the pickle under a pickled delicious president ! 
is it true that a pickle with the perplexed floor in a floor in the pickled sandwich under the delicious perplexed delicious floor with every perplexed perplexed chief of staff with the fine pickle in a president with the perplexed sandwich in the delicious floor with the fine floor in a sandwich kissed a president ? 
is it true that every pickled floor kissed the pickle ? 
the sandwich ate the chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff with every fine delicious delicious pickle in the perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the pickle under the fine delicious floor ? 
every fine floor on a fine fine fine pickle in a pickled perplexed sandwich understood every fine pickle on a pickled pickled pickle . 
the floor on the delicious floor wanted every floor in every delicious pickled perplexed pickled sandwich in the pickle with the floor . 
the fine fine fine delicious perplexed delicious president kissed the perplexed fine sandwich . 
a president ate the chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every sandwich ? 
a president ate the pickle ! 
every chief of staff with the pickle with the pickle ate the sandwich ! 
the sandwich wanted a pickle in a floor on the chief of staff under the pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the sandwich in the president with every president ? 
a sandwich kissed every delicious delicious fine pickled pickle on a president ! 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every pickle ? 
every fine pickled pickled floor wanted a pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff understood the sandwich under the pickled fine fine floor ? 
a pickled president under the pickled pickled president kissed the fine sandwich on the sandwich on the floor with every delicious fine sandwich . 
the pickle with the pickled chief of staff on the delicious chief of staff wanted the pickled chief of staff ! 
the pickle wanted the president with a delicious floor in a president under the floor on a president with the perplexed pickle with the perplexed delicious fine perplexed sandwich with every chief of staff . 
a perplexed sandwich ate a floor under a president under the president . 
the floor kissed the perplexed delicious floor ! 
a perplexed fine perplexed pickled floor under a president on the delicious chief of staff in the fine fine fine chief of staff with a chief of staff with the president under the sandwich with every fine chief of staff under every delicious delicious sandwich kissed the chief of staff in a president with the delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the president with a floor under every delicious perplexed chief of staff with the chief of staff with the perplexed floor in a pickled pickle ? 
a president under a delicious delicious pickle understood the president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every pickle in every delicious chief of staff under the delicious floor under the chief of staff ? 
a floor understood a fine sandwich ! 
is it true that every fine fine president with a fine floor understood every fine delicious perplexed floor under the fine delicious floor ? 
is it true that every perplexed pickled sandwich with a fine chief of staff in every delicious chief of staff wanted a delicious floor ? 
is it true that the president in a chief of staff understood every perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that every delicious delicious fine chief of staff kissed the delicious fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickled pickle kissed the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every delicious pickle kissed the floor ? 
is it true that the floor wanted every pickle ? 
a chief of staff wanted the fine pickled pickled president in every perplexed chief of staff on the pickled floor in the pickle ! 
a chief of staff with the chief of staff with the perplexed pickled fine perplexed pickled president on the chief of staff in the pickle in the president on the pickle on the pickle with the sandwich in a fine chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff in a chief of staff on every fine fine sandwich under every floor under the pickle under every chief of staff under the fine floor under every perplexed pickle under a floor on a pickle on a floor wanted a chief of staff . 
a fine pickled floor understood a chief of staff . 
the fine sandwich wanted the pickled chief of staff . 
a perplexed sandwich wanted a pickled delicious sandwich ! 
the perplexed sandwich kissed a fine fine pickle . 
the president under the chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
the perplexed pickled fine delicious pickle under every president under a sandwich with a pickle under a sandwich with a perplexed delicious pickled pickled pickle with every pickled fine delicious fine floor in the delicious delicious fine president under a floor kissed the pickled fine pickled floor with a floor in the pickle on every chief of staff . 
the delicious chief of staff in a president under every pickled president with the pickled chief of staff wanted a chief of staff under the pickled perplexed delicious floor on every fine fine fine fine pickle ! 
is it true that the fine chief of staff wanted every fine perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickled fine fine pickled sandwich in a delicious perplexed pickle on the delicious pickle ate every perplexed delicious president . 
is it true that the sandwich understood a perplexed floor ? 
a perplexed pickled fine pickled delicious sandwich under the perplexed floor on a chief of staff in a fine delicious chief of staff understood a floor . 
a delicious perplexed chief of staff on a chief of staff under a delicious floor under the floor under the floor on a pickle on every perplexed delicious pickle in the pickle understood the sandwich . 
the pickled perplexed sandwich kissed the delicious pickle ! 
the delicious president under every chief of staff understood the delicious delicious pickled fine president ! 
the pickled fine perplexed chief of staff under the fine perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich in a fine president wanted the chief of staff . 
every floor wanted the president on the delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
a perplexed fine pickled fine perplexed pickle under a chief of staff understood a pickled floor ! 
is it true that a pickle ate the floor on a floor ? 
every chief of staff in the fine chief of staff with every perplexed floor in the fine sandwich with the perplexed pickled pickle ate every sandwich . 
the chief of staff with the sandwich under the pickle in the floor in the chief of staff ate the delicious fine pickled perplexed pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle wanted a delicious perplexed perplexed president on the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle pickled a sandwich ? 
a sandwich ate every president ! 
the delicious pickled chief of staff on a pickle with the president wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious pickle ate the pickle under the chief of staff with the sandwich in every pickle in the chief of staff in the pickled sandwich with the fine delicious president ? 
is it true that the fine president in a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ? 
the pickled fine delicious floor ate every fine floor . 
the chief of staff understood a sandwich with a floor ! 
a fine fine sandwich with the pickle wanted the chief of staff on the fine pickled pickle ! 
the pickle ate the president ! 
is it true that every delicious pickle wanted a pickled delicious pickle ? 
is it true that every president under the delicious chief of staff ate a chief of staff ? 
every fine perplexed pickle understood the delicious pickled perplexed pickled fine sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff with the pickled delicious chief of staff on a pickled floor in the floor in the chief of staff on a fine fine perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich under every delicious chief of staff under the president on the pickle understood the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle under the sandwich kissed the president on a delicious president ? 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed fine pickle under the pickled pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
a fine fine chief of staff pickled the president . 
is it true that every pickled sandwich on a pickled chief of staff kissed the fine pickle ? 
a perplexed delicious chief of staff on a pickle on a floor kissed a pickled floor . 
every pickled delicious delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickled pickled fine pickle kissed every delicious floor ! 
is it true that the president kissed a perplexed pickle ? 
the pickled floor on the pickle under a fine president wanted the president with the pickle under a floor . 
the pickled pickle ate the delicious perplexed president . 
is it true that the sandwich kissed every pickle ? 
the pickle understood a president ! 
the perplexed president wanted a delicious president . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious fine floor ? 
is it true that a pickle understood the fine fine pickled perplexed pickled fine pickle ? 
the chief of staff on every chief of staff under the floor wanted the perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the floor on every floor on the perplexed pickled perplexed pickle in the president with a floor kissed the president on a chief of staff under the perplexed fine pickled delicious floor ? 
a chief of staff ate a fine chief of staff with the pickled president ! 
every president understood every sandwich in the sandwich under a delicious pickled pickle . 
every perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff in a president under the president in a delicious sandwich in every pickled floor understood a pickled pickle with the pickle . 
the pickle kissed every perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle under a perplexed chief of staff wanted the president ? 
is it true that a delicious floor wanted the floor ? 
every pickle understood a president under the sandwich ! 
a chief of staff wanted every president . 
the floor understood a chief of staff . 
the perplexed pickled delicious delicious chief of staff ate a sandwich . 
a perplexed chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the chief of staff with a sandwich under the delicious pickle in a president with the fine pickled pickle in the perplexed pickled delicious floor in every delicious chief of staff under the sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle understood every fine perplexed pickled fine fine president ? 
the president wanted the pickled pickle under the perplexed president on every chief of staff on the pickle on the pickled fine sandwich with a fine chief of staff in the fine sandwich under a delicious sandwich ! 
a chief of staff wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that a president wanted the sandwich ? 
every president in the sandwich in every pickled floor in the chief of staff on a pickled perplexed perplexed floor on a chief of staff under the chief of staff on a floor on the chief of staff wanted a perplexed perplexed perplexed floor . 
the sandwich kissed the pickle . 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate every fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle under the pickled sandwich pickled the delicious pickled pickle ? 
a perplexed sandwich wanted the floor ! 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff on the fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed the fine sandwich ? 
the president with the chief of staff wanted the fine fine floor under a pickle in the fine perplexed pickle on every president under a president on the chief of staff on the sandwich with every pickle under the president in every floor under a perplexed delicious fine delicious president with a president . 
a sandwich with a pickled perplexed pickled pickled delicious floor understood the pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed president ate the floor on the president ? 
the floor under a chief of staff on every chief of staff wanted the sandwich on every delicious pickle . 
the president understood a president under the sandwich ! 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff kissed every pickle ? 
every delicious fine pickled fine president kissed a president ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff pickled the delicious president in every pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate the delicious pickle ? 
the chief of staff wanted the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled president understood a delicious fine delicious floor in every delicious chief of staff in every sandwich with a chief of staff on every president under a delicious delicious fine pickle in a sandwich ? 
the chief of staff ate a president ! 
a floor kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious sandwich kissed the floor in a sandwich on a perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff on a delicious sandwich on a floor in the chief of staff ? 
the delicious delicious sandwich with the floor on every delicious chief of staff with the sandwich on a delicious delicious perplexed pickled fine pickle kissed the sandwich with the sandwich on the perplexed fine pickle with the pickled floor . 
the fine chief of staff under every pickle with a chief of staff under every pickled sandwich on a president in a sandwich under a president on the floor understood every chief of staff . 
the perplexed floor wanted a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle ate a perplexed pickled pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that every delicious fine delicious floor understood the floor under the sandwich ? 
is it true that every perplexed pickle with a fine perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickled pickled sandwich ? 
a floor wanted a floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a delicious chief of staff under a pickled president on every floor ? 
a floor kissed the delicious pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
every fine pickled pickled floor wanted the fine delicious pickled sandwich with every president . 
a pickle wanted the floor with the perplexed perplexed president with a fine president ! 
every pickled delicious fine perplexed pickle on every pickled perplexed president ate the pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff ! 
every sandwich wanted the delicious sandwich ! 
a perplexed floor kissed the pickled floor . 
every delicious delicious perplexed sandwich ate a president . 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the perplexed pickle ? 
the pickle ate the perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a sandwich ? 
a floor under the fine perplexed fine pickle understood the fine fine chief of staff . 
a floor understood a sandwich . 
is it true that every sandwich kissed a sandwich ? 
a fine perplexed pickled president wanted a delicious president with a president . 
is it true that the sandwich with the floor in a perplexed pickle with the pickle in a pickled perplexed president ate a delicious pickle in the delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickle in a perplexed chief of staff on the pickled pickle on a sandwich on the pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted a president under a delicious fine perplexed floor in a chief of staff ? 
a sandwich ate the president on a delicious fine president ! 
every perplexed pickle ate a president with the fine pickle on the delicious pickled floor on a perplexed pickle . 
a sandwich kissed a perplexed president ! 
every floor understood every chief of staff . 
is it true that a president wanted the pickled perplexed floor ? 
a floor understood a perplexed delicious perplexed pickle . 
the pickled floor wanted a fine sandwich ! 
the floor understood the pickled pickled sandwich in a sandwich . 
every pickle kissed a fine president . 
the perplexed president ate the sandwich under a president ! 
a fine delicious president ate the pickle ! 
a floor ate the floor . 
is it true that every pickle on the fine floor under the sandwich with a president on a pickle wanted the fine pickled floor under the perplexed president on the floor ? 
the pickled floor kissed the delicious perplexed pickle . 
a president on the floor with the pickled perplexed pickled sandwich with every pickle in the floor with every chief of staff on every fine delicious president on every pickled president under the fine chief of staff under every sandwich with the perplexed pickle wanted a chief of staff under the fine pickled sandwich ! 
the perplexed delicious chief of staff ate a perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich . 
is it true that every pickle ate every chief of staff under the delicious pickled fine president in the fine delicious pickle under a perplexed president with the pickled floor ? 
the pickle kissed a floor in the pickle in every president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff in the chief of staff with a fine sandwich under the pickled delicious delicious president ? 
a president in the fine delicious pickle with a chief of staff kissed the perplexed chief of staff . 
a sandwich in a sandwich on the fine president with a delicious sandwich understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a president understood a perplexed chief of staff under the fine perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a president on a delicious delicious pickled delicious pickle in a floor on the fine floor on a fine floor ate the fine fine pickle ? 
a delicious president with a pickle kissed every pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
the delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff understood every floor on the pickle with a floor in the pickled perplexed pickle with the fine pickle under the perplexed perplexed delicious pickled floor ! 
is it true that the pickle understood a chief of staff ? 
the delicious sandwich pickled every fine delicious delicious pickle . 
the chief of staff wanted every sandwich ! 
a sandwich kissed a chief of staff . 
the floor under every chief of staff under the pickled pickled president in the floor with a pickled pickled sandwich under every pickle kissed a pickle . 
is it true that every sandwich under a pickled president ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that a president with the chief of staff on a chief of staff under the delicious president on a perplexed sandwich with the floor on the perplexed delicious fine perplexed floor in every floor with a pickle in the floor on the fine floor with a president with a sandwich with a perplexed pickled delicious pickled floor under every president with the pickle with every floor with a floor in a pickle with the pickled perplexed chief of staff under a president under a floor under the pickle on every floor with the floor on the perplexed sandwich with the floor on the fine sandwich with the pickle on the chief of staff under a fine sandwich under the floor with the floor on every delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff wanted a president ? 
is it true that the fine delicious chief of staff under a floor understood the sandwich ? 
the fine perplexed floor with the sandwich understood the pickled pickle . 
is it true that the fine perplexed chief of staff pickled every pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled president pickled a perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that a president kissed every delicious floor ? 
the fine floor wanted the pickled fine floor . 
is it true that the floor understood a pickle ? 
is it true that every perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
a fine sandwich with every president with the pickled fine perplexed president with the fine floor under the sandwich in a chief of staff with the floor in the sandwich with a chief of staff wanted the president . 
a pickled floor wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that every floor kissed a perplexed perplexed fine delicious floor ? 
the pickled floor under the perplexed sandwich on the perplexed chief of staff wanted the pickled chief of staff in a chief of staff in the floor . 
a delicious president pickled the perplexed sandwich ! 
the president on every perplexed pickle with the fine delicious fine chief of staff kissed the pickled fine chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff in a perplexed pickle ate a president ! 
the sandwich on a delicious sandwich understood a sandwich in the floor under a president on a pickled floor with a fine delicious delicious delicious sandwich under a sandwich ! 
a perplexed fine pickled fine pickle understood the sandwich ! 
a delicious delicious chief of staff ate a delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled delicious delicious delicious floor kissed the chief of staff with the pickled president in the perplexed sandwich ? 
a sandwich under the perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed a fine fine president . 
every chief of staff understood a chief of staff with a chief of staff under the pickled fine pickled floor under a fine fine sandwich . 
the floor understood every perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that a fine delicious president on a chief of staff under every sandwich in the delicious chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
the president ate a delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the sandwich ? 
the perplexed fine pickle with the delicious president understood a perplexed pickle with the delicious pickled delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff in a chief of staff . 
the president with the delicious sandwich understood the delicious pickle . 
the floor under every fine delicious sandwich wanted the pickled president . 
the sandwich kissed every sandwich ! 
is it true that every fine delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed the president ? 
the floor on the pickled fine floor understood the pickled pickled fine delicious perplexed sandwich in a floor on the delicious sandwich under the perplexed fine delicious sandwich under a president . 
the perplexed pickle wanted the fine president ! 
every delicious chief of staff on every president on the delicious sandwich on a floor on the perplexed sandwich with every floor with a pickled president wanted a perplexed delicious delicious delicious fine delicious floor in a floor . 
is it true that the delicious fine delicious pickled fine pickle under the president with the fine floor in the fine president under every chief of staff ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that the president kissed the chief of staff under every floor under every president ? 
the floor understood the chief of staff . 
the fine delicious sandwich with a chief of staff on the fine president kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that every perplexed perplexed sandwich understood a pickled floor ? 
the pickled president in every pickled floor ate a sandwich in the delicious president . 
is it true that a fine sandwich under the pickled delicious pickled pickle pickled every sandwich ? 
the sandwich ate every pickled delicious fine delicious perplexed sandwich in every pickled president . 
the pickle understood the president ! 
a fine fine pickle ate the pickle with the sandwich ! 
the chief of staff wanted the president . 
a sandwich ate every chief of staff . 
the perplexed chief of staff understood a fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that every fine pickle ate every pickled chief of staff under a chief of staff on a chief of staff ? 
a floor kissed every perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that every perplexed president ate a floor under every pickled floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff on every perplexed pickle wanted a pickle ? 
the president ate every delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle with a pickled president ate the chief of staff ? 
a sandwich kissed the perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president under the perplexed president wanted the perplexed perplexed pickled floor ? 
is it true that a fine president kissed a pickled pickle ? 
the perplexed fine floor understood the delicious pickle ! 
the pickled fine president in the floor understood the delicious floor in a floor ! 
a chief of staff pickled a pickled perplexed pickled fine president . 
the floor ate every pickled sandwich ! 
the delicious sandwich wanted the pickle in the pickled fine floor under the pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff with a pickle kissed every fine floor ? 
the president wanted every president ! 
the delicious president ate the president . 
every sandwich under the fine floor in every president on every pickle on the chief of staff kissed the delicious fine delicious chief of staff ! 
the pickled delicious floor understood the perplexed floor ! 
the fine pickled delicious pickle wanted a floor under the sandwich under a president ! 
the chief of staff kissed a pickle ! 
a president with a pickled floor with a chief of staff in every sandwich pickled a fine sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff on the pickle under every president with a floor kissed every president ? 
every floor with a president understood a perplexed pickled sandwich under a fine pickle in a sandwich with the floor in the perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff with the pickle pickled the pickle ? 
is it true that every perplexed pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff with a sandwich ? 
a fine president ate a pickle with the sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed pickled sandwich in every sandwich in a sandwich wanted every chief of staff ? 
the fine president pickled the chief of staff . 
the sandwich on every chief of staff on the sandwich understood every fine president . 
a floor in every sandwich in the sandwich understood a perplexed pickle ! 
a delicious fine fine president wanted the delicious floor . 
every floor wanted the floor with the floor in the pickle . 
the pickled sandwich ate the floor ! 
is it true that every chief of staff ate every delicious delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that every sandwich understood a pickle ? 
is it true that every president with the floor understood a floor ? 
a floor in the sandwich under a fine sandwich under the perplexed delicious pickle understood the floor on a chief of staff under the pickled sandwich ! 
every pickle under every pickled pickle kissed the fine chief of staff . 
the pickled president wanted the fine president . 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickled floor wanted the perplexed floor ? 
the pickle kissed the pickled pickle . 
is it true that every sandwich ate the pickled president ? 
every pickle ate the pickled sandwich ! 
every chief of staff under a chief of staff on the perplexed president in every delicious delicious fine floor in the sandwich in a perplexed floor ate a sandwich . 
is it true that every delicious fine perplexed sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
the floor wanted every delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor understood every delicious delicious perplexed fine pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious floor under the pickled chief of staff in a chief of staff kissed the president in a pickled pickled president on a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle on the delicious pickle under the floor on the floor understood the pickled pickle under the fine pickled pickled pickled fine pickle under a pickle in every president in the pickle under the chief of staff with a perplexed chief of staff under the delicious perplexed pickled president on every perplexed chief of staff under the pickle under every pickled pickle in a chief of staff under a president on the fine perplexed delicious pickle in the president on a floor on a floor with the sandwich on a pickled pickled pickled fine pickle with the pickle ? 
is it true that every chief of staff under the perplexed pickled sandwich in a chief of staff under the perplexed pickle ate every president ? 
the president with a chief of staff in the sandwich on a chief of staff understood a fine perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine delicious delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted a pickled floor ? 
is it true that the pickled perplexed delicious sandwich wanted a floor with a pickle ? 
the perplexed floor understood the pickle on every floor in a pickle in the president . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the sandwich in a pickle on every floor on the floor ? 
is it true that the president under a floor under the fine pickled sandwich under the pickle under the sandwich in every perplexed pickled pickled fine president ate the delicious floor ? 
the delicious chief of staff ate the fine floor under a fine fine pickled pickled president . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a delicious president on every sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate every delicious chief of staff ? 
the pickled pickled president understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff ate a pickle on every floor on every floor with a floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every pickle on every floor on every president under a floor ? 
is it true that the pickled delicious sandwich wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine delicious president wanted every sandwich ? 
is it true that the floor understood the delicious perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a floor ate a sandwich in the pickled sandwich on every chief of staff under the president under the delicious perplexed pickled pickled perplexed sandwich with the pickled pickle under a delicious president on a sandwich with the floor under a sandwich under the delicious president ? 
is it true that the delicious pickled sandwich with every president wanted a pickled pickled sandwich ? 
the pickled perplexed delicious president in a sandwich with the fine sandwich in a fine pickle kissed the delicious perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich in a chief of staff . 
the pickle under a chief of staff kissed the president . 
is it true that the floor kissed the delicious pickle ? 
the floor kissed every perplexed president ! 
the chief of staff understood the floor . 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich in the perplexed delicious president on a delicious chief of staff on the sandwich ate the fine sandwich in a sandwich ? 
the pickled chief of staff ate a sandwich ! 
is it true that every pickled fine delicious sandwich understood a fine fine president ? 
a delicious perplexed pickled president kissed a pickled pickle ! 
a chief of staff understood a chief of staff with a president . 
the delicious fine president under a perplexed pickled president kissed the chief of staff . 
is it true that a delicious sandwich on the pickled sandwich kissed the delicious delicious sandwich ? 
the fine perplexed fine president with a perplexed delicious perplexed pickled sandwich under every pickled fine pickled fine president wanted the pickle with the president on a delicious sandwich . 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a president on the president ? 
the pickle on the pickled fine pickled floor wanted every perplexed fine pickle under every chief of staff ! 
a floor kissed the delicious chief of staff in the delicious sandwich in the delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff under a fine pickled sandwich in a fine floor with every chief of staff in the pickle with the chief of staff with the delicious pickled floor under the president under a delicious floor under the pickle ! 
is it true that a floor kissed every fine sandwich ? 
a sandwich with the pickled delicious pickled pickle under the pickle understood the pickle ! 
the president wanted a chief of staff on every pickle with every fine sandwich . 
is it true that the president ate a sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich in the delicious delicious pickled floor kissed the pickled delicious president ? 
the president ate the delicious chief of staff . 
every pickle ate a fine delicious perplexed president ! 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff with the fine president understood every president ? 
the delicious pickled fine pickled sandwich in a delicious pickled chief of staff with a floor on the sandwich wanted a fine fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled delicious pickle in a fine president kissed a president ? 
a pickle on a president kissed the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff on a chief of staff wanted a floor under the delicious pickled president ? 
is it true that a floor ate a pickled delicious fine fine floor ? 
is it true that the pickle ate every pickle ? 
the chief of staff ate a perplexed fine sandwich in the sandwich in every perplexed fine fine perplexed floor under a floor . 
a perplexed fine sandwich on the floor under a chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that the president kissed a floor ? 
is it true that a president on every president ate a floor ? 
is it true that every pickle ate the chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff understood every fine delicious perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that a president in a fine chief of staff with every floor with a pickle kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that the floor ate a president in the fine president in the delicious delicious pickle under a pickled delicious sandwich in the pickle under the chief of staff on a fine pickled fine delicious pickled pickle on the pickle on every president ? 
the pickle ate a fine floor ! 
the delicious delicious sandwich kissed the president with the pickle ! 
every perplexed pickled pickle ate the president under every delicious pickle in the perplexed fine pickle under the pickle in the fine delicious floor under the floor under a pickled perplexed delicious delicious floor under a pickled fine sandwich on a floor ! 
every sandwich with a pickle under every president wanted a perplexed sandwich ! 
the floor on the perplexed chief of staff pickled the president . 
the pickle on the sandwich with a chief of staff kissed every sandwich with every perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor wanted the sandwich ? 
a perplexed president wanted the pickled fine pickle ! 
is it true that every floor under the perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed floor ? 
every floor wanted a president ! 
the delicious pickled president wanted the president ! 
the delicious fine perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled pickle wanted every perplexed pickled president ! 
the pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed floor wanted every pickled pickled delicious pickled president . 
the president wanted the sandwich . 
a delicious pickle kissed the pickled chief of staff under the floor on a pickle under a floor . 
the chief of staff under the pickled chief of staff ate a pickled perplexed perplexed delicious pickle with the sandwich ! 
a perplexed perplexed pickle understood the floor . 
the fine pickle kissed a delicious perplexed perplexed pickle . 
the sandwich wanted the perplexed delicious chief of staff under every perplexed sandwich . 
a fine delicious delicious pickle kissed the floor under the president . 
is it true that the president wanted a president ? 
is it true that the floor ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that a fine fine pickle ate the sandwich ? 
every delicious fine pickle understood every fine perplexed pickle in every delicious president with the pickled pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich in a fine delicious chief of staff in the fine delicious sandwich pickled the chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate the pickle ! 
the president ate the delicious floor in a pickled president ! 
the perplexed pickled president understood the pickled sandwich under the chief of staff in a perplexed floor in every floor . 
the delicious sandwich under a chief of staff kissed the president with a fine chief of staff under the floor with the pickle ! 
a pickle kissed a president in the sandwich on the pickled sandwich in a perplexed pickled president in a floor ! 
a pickle under a chief of staff understood every sandwich in the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the delicious pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff under a chief of staff on every chief of staff understood the delicious floor ? 
a pickle understood every sandwich . 
the pickle with the chief of staff understood the perplexed pickle . 
a president in a pickle kissed every chief of staff on every fine president . 
the president ate a sandwich . 
the pickle understood the perplexed delicious fine chief of staff ! 
a delicious chief of staff ate the floor on a floor ! 
the pickled pickle on the pickled pickle ate the perplexed perplexed president ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickle under every floor under the perplexed president in every perplexed fine chief of staff on the chief of staff on the delicious delicious floor in the president ? 
a pickled pickled president on the fine president in a president in the sandwich kissed a floor . 
the sandwich ate the pickled delicious delicious delicious pickle on a fine fine delicious fine pickle under every sandwich on the fine perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor ate the fine chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff understood a floor under every delicious sandwich in every pickle under a chief of staff under every perplexed floor with a fine pickled fine floor ! 
is it true that the pickled sandwich ate the president ? 
every delicious pickle with a pickle with the sandwich in a pickle with a pickled delicious pickle in every sandwich in a delicious pickle in the fine pickled pickle under the sandwich with the fine president with the perplexed fine pickled pickle in a sandwich in the delicious pickled fine floor ate every delicious chief of staff . 
a delicious floor pickled the fine chief of staff with every chief of staff on every floor ! 
the fine president pickled the pickle . 
is it true that a delicious floor ate the chief of staff ? 
a pickled sandwich under every pickled perplexed perplexed fine pickled perplexed sandwich understood every president under the fine delicious fine pickled president . 
is it true that a floor kissed a chief of staff ? 
a fine president kissed the pickle in the floor . 
the sandwich in the perplexed sandwich in every pickle under every fine pickle on a president on every pickle under a pickled sandwich in the floor with the sandwich in a pickled delicious sandwich on a pickled pickled fine president understood every floor . 
the floor on a sandwich kissed a fine delicious fine pickle ! 
a floor pickled the pickle . 
every pickle with the fine president wanted the chief of staff with the pickle under every perplexed floor in every sandwich on the pickled fine president under a sandwich ! 
the president ate a sandwich under every sandwich on a fine perplexed president . 
is it true that a chief of staff on every sandwich understood a delicious pickled chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff ate the president on a chief of staff ! 
every sandwich wanted the chief of staff ! 
a fine sandwich understood a pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine delicious pickled fine perplexed chief of staff on every perplexed president understood a chief of staff ? 
the pickle understood every pickle . 
the chief of staff wanted the delicious delicious chief of staff ! 
a delicious sandwich ate the perplexed delicious sandwich ! 
the fine sandwich pickled the sandwich . 
is it true that the fine fine perplexed pickle understood a president ? 
the pickled sandwich with the pickle on the president under a chief of staff on the president on the sandwich with the pickle in every floor pickled the pickle . 
a president under the chief of staff under the perplexed president in the chief of staff in every president with every pickled pickled perplexed fine pickle on the floor on the president in the chief of staff with a pickle on the pickle with a pickled sandwich in a pickled perplexed chief of staff with the chief of staff under the pickled fine perplexed delicious fine president with the delicious pickled pickled president under every chief of staff with a president wanted a perplexed delicious sandwich in the president . 
a sandwich kissed a pickle on a delicious perplexed pickled delicious pickled fine pickled pickled chief of staff with every delicious chief of staff on a president ! 
is it true that a floor ate a pickled chief of staff ? 
every fine chief of staff on the fine perplexed delicious floor with a perplexed pickled fine pickled perplexed president with a perplexed floor with the pickled perplexed delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff with a president in a perplexed pickle on the floor ate every floor . 
the delicious president kissed a chief of staff with a president ! 
the pickle kissed every sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich kissed a pickle ? 
the pickled sandwich kissed a chief of staff under a pickled fine chief of staff ! 
every pickle in the floor under the pickle under the president under the fine chief of staff with the pickle ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickle wanted the president ? 
the sandwich on the president ate the floor ! 
the pickled perplexed pickle wanted the president . 
is it true that a fine pickled chief of staff ate the delicious pickled pickled president ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich with every chief of staff with every chief of staff under every pickle in the president wanted every chief of staff ? 
a floor ate the floor ! 
the sandwich wanted every pickled sandwich in the floor . 
a delicious perplexed sandwich wanted a fine pickled president ! 
a fine president in a fine floor understood the pickled fine floor . 
the delicious perplexed delicious floor under every pickle on the sandwich kissed a floor . 
the president kissed a delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that a president under a pickle on the floor on the sandwich understood the floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff on a floor in the president ate the pickle under the pickle under the sandwich in the chief of staff under the delicious sandwich under the chief of staff on the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff with every floor on the chief of staff pickled the pickle . 
the chief of staff in the chief of staff in the floor with the chief of staff in every floor on the fine floor with a sandwich under a pickled sandwich on a pickle on a perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff under a fine fine pickled pickled perplexed delicious fine chief of staff in every floor on every floor in a president on the fine pickle with the floor on the sandwich ! 
every president under every perplexed fine president with a sandwich understood the pickle ! 
a sandwich ate a perplexed fine floor in the president . 
the chief of staff with a pickle with a president ate the pickle under a chief of staff in every pickle on a pickled fine floor . 
the chief of staff on every floor wanted a president . 
the delicious floor ate a chief of staff . 
the chief of staff kissed a delicious chief of staff on the delicious floor in every sandwich ! 
is it true that a president under the chief of staff on every pickled pickled delicious chief of staff in every president with the delicious chief of staff on a sandwich on the sandwich kissed a perplexed chief of staff ? 
the president ate a fine perplexed chief of staff with every pickle in every pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed pickled pickle in the pickle on the delicious chief of staff ate every floor ? 
every sandwich in a floor wanted every fine president under a chief of staff . 
is it true that the perplexed pickle wanted the pickled fine pickle ? 
is it true that a perplexed fine fine president ate the pickle ? 
the perplexed perplexed sandwich in a sandwich kissed every pickled pickled pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff under the pickle in the pickled chief of staff in the fine sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich understood the chief of staff ? 
the floor wanted the sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich with the floor with every president understood the pickled perplexed chief of staff on the fine pickle under every pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff under every delicious chief of staff in a pickled delicious chief of staff kissed the president ? 
every sandwich ate the pickle ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the pickle ? 
a pickled pickled fine pickle in the pickled chief of staff ate every fine pickle on the pickled perplexed delicious sandwich with the sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich on the chief of staff understood every delicious fine perplexed perplexed fine pickled pickled sandwich under a chief of staff with the sandwich with the floor ? 
the pickle pickled the sandwich . 
the fine pickle kissed the floor . 
a fine floor understood the president . 
is it true that the president on a pickle with the delicious pickled sandwich on every delicious perplexed pickled delicious perplexed pickle understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that every fine president understood the delicious pickled pickle ? 
a pickle ate a perplexed fine perplexed perplexed floor under every pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the delicious sandwich on the fine president ? 
is it true that the fine pickled delicious pickle understood every delicious fine floor ? 
the perplexed pickle wanted a pickle under the fine pickled president . 
is it true that the delicious fine fine chief of staff understood the president in the pickled perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a president ? 
is it true that a floor in the president on every president on a delicious perplexed sandwich in every floor in every perplexed delicious sandwich with the delicious chief of staff on the fine sandwich on a floor under every perplexed floor with a floor with the pickle under the pickle pickled the floor ? 
the fine chief of staff kissed a president ! 
the pickled chief of staff ate the pickle in the delicious sandwich in the perplexed delicious pickle on a delicious fine delicious perplexed fine perplexed president under every president on every delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff under the floor on the fine perplexed floor ! 
a fine delicious delicious chief of staff kissed a pickled chief of staff on the perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine delicious chief of staff ate a fine perplexed delicious pickle ? 
the pickle wanted a floor in the sandwich . 
the chief of staff with every floor in every perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff in a pickled delicious delicious pickled pickled fine perplexed pickle wanted a fine perplexed delicious pickled floor ! 
a president with the floor kissed the delicious chief of staff ! 
a delicious floor kissed a president on the floor on a pickle ! 
a chief of staff with every delicious president understood the fine chief of staff . 
the perplexed sandwich under every chief of staff with the pickled pickled perplexed fine fine pickle in the delicious perplexed floor under a pickled chief of staff in the president on a chief of staff under the pickled fine sandwich in the fine perplexed pickle under a pickle in the chief of staff ate the fine pickled pickle in every delicious pickled perplexed pickled pickled floor . 
is it true that the pickle kissed every floor ? 
the delicious fine pickled floor in every pickle with a sandwich under the pickled floor wanted a floor in the pickled president . 
a chief of staff understood the president in the perplexed perplexed sandwich ! 
every sandwich understood a chief of staff on the pickled president . 
is it true that every fine floor kissed a fine floor on the pickled chief of staff under the delicious pickle on a floor ? 
is it true that the fine delicious perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff ? 
the president understood the pickled sandwich . 
the sandwich ate the chief of staff . 
the fine fine chief of staff understood the pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a pickle ? 
a president with the chief of staff on a pickle in every perplexed pickled floor on a fine delicious president under the chief of staff in every sandwich with every chief of staff in the perplexed floor with the chief of staff in a fine perplexed fine chief of staff in the floor in the delicious perplexed perplexed president with the chief of staff in a pickled sandwich with the pickled delicious pickled chief of staff in a president wanted the pickle with every delicious delicious sandwich with the chief of staff in a chief of staff ! 
the floor with a pickled sandwich in the pickle under the sandwich ate the delicious president on the president ! 
a sandwich wanted a president with the floor under the pickled pickle ! 
a delicious floor wanted every sandwich ! 
a president wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that a president kissed every pickle ? 
is it true that the floor understood every pickled president ? 
every pickle in the delicious fine fine pickled president under the chief of staff in the fine floor kissed the pickled fine fine pickled president on the fine chief of staff in the delicious pickle with every delicious perplexed floor ! 
every perplexed sandwich understood every pickle on a president . 
is it true that the sandwich pickled a sandwich ? 
the president kissed every president on a chief of staff in every pickle . 
is it true that every pickle under the president on a pickle on a pickled floor wanted a president ? 
a perplexed delicious perplexed floor wanted the delicious perplexed perplexed president on a chief of staff under the sandwich under a pickled pickle under every floor on the fine perplexed chief of staff with the pickle on a floor under the perplexed delicious pickled fine pickle with every perplexed fine pickled chief of staff on the fine floor ! 
a fine floor on a pickled pickle kissed the fine pickle in the president . 
every pickle understood the delicious perplexed fine sandwich under the delicious delicious chief of staff in a president . 
every delicious perplexed perplexed president pickled the chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff wanted the sandwich in the pickled chief of staff on a delicious perplexed pickle . 
the fine president kissed a pickled president . 
is it true that the delicious president understood the chief of staff with the pickled delicious perplexed fine delicious perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff under every fine floor in a pickled fine sandwich in a president under the floor under the perplexed chief of staff in a pickle with a president in a delicious floor in every pickled perplexed president under a sandwich in the pickle in the president under a president with the fine pickled chief of staff in a pickle in the fine delicious pickle in a delicious president under the fine delicious floor in a sandwich in a fine fine pickled pickled chief of staff on a pickle with every perplexed fine president in every chief of staff with the pickle in the floor under the floor in every delicious chief of staff under the sandwich on a fine sandwich under a pickled chief of staff with the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff with the sandwich under the floor understood the fine pickled delicious delicious pickle . 
is it true that a fine pickled president with a sandwich understood a chief of staff ? 
the sandwich kissed the fine chief of staff . 
a president on the sandwich wanted the perplexed perplexed fine perplexed perplexed pickled fine fine pickled pickle with the floor ! 
every delicious pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine president pickled the floor on the delicious chief of staff ? 
a president understood the fine delicious sandwich ! 
the sandwich ate every sandwich . 
every pickled fine chief of staff under a floor ate a pickled pickled floor . 
is it true that a delicious pickled delicious floor kissed a sandwich ? 
the pickle understood a president in a floor on every perplexed delicious pickle with the chief of staff under every fine delicious perplexed delicious pickle under the fine pickle under a perplexed pickled pickle on a pickled president on the floor under the sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff under the president in the sandwich under a chief of staff with a delicious president with the chief of staff with the chief of staff on the delicious perplexed president under a chief of staff ! 
the sandwich with a sandwich ate the perplexed pickle ! 
a chief of staff in the chief of staff kissed every president ! 
the president on every sandwich ate a sandwich . 
a fine floor kissed the president ! 
a fine pickled pickle ate every perplexed sandwich . 
the chief of staff understood a president on a pickle ! 
a delicious perplexed pickled sandwich wanted a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that every chief of staff in the pickled pickle under a floor kissed every pickle ? 
the sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff with the fine pickled chief of staff under the delicious perplexed sandwich with the fine pickled sandwich with the pickle with the president under the perplexed floor in every fine delicious pickle under the pickled floor on the president wanted the sandwich ? 
the pickled chief of staff understood the chief of staff under the fine president under every pickled chief of staff in the fine floor with a pickle in the floor under a fine sandwich . 
a perplexed president kissed the pickled pickle on a sandwich under the pickle . 
is it true that a floor ate the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff with the sandwich with the perplexed pickle ate the delicious sandwich ! 
the delicious pickle wanted every delicious pickle . 
the delicious floor on a president with a floor on the delicious pickled pickled pickle wanted the fine chief of staff on the president on the pickled delicious fine floor on the delicious pickle ! 
a chief of staff in a fine fine president on the perplexed perplexed floor ate the pickled floor under every sandwich on every perplexed perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich on a chief of staff under a pickle in the delicious pickle in the chief of staff on the president under the sandwich with the pickled president with the president in a sandwich . 
the chief of staff with the fine pickled sandwich with the president in the pickle ate the sandwich ! 
a pickled pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff in the president with a floor with the president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every president ? 
the pickle kissed the sandwich ! 
the chief of staff ate the pickle on a pickle . 
a pickled pickled floor wanted a floor ! 
every pickled floor understood the pickled president . 
the chief of staff wanted a fine president on a perplexed fine floor . 
a perplexed perplexed pickle kissed every sandwich ! 
is it true that every pickled perplexed floor wanted the floor in a fine floor with a president in the pickled delicious fine perplexed sandwich ? 
a pickled pickle with the sandwich wanted every perplexed perplexed floor ! 
every fine president understood every floor . 
is it true that every delicious sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? 
a president wanted a pickle . 
a perplexed delicious president on the fine floor on every chief of staff ate a sandwich on the sandwich under a president under the sandwich ! 
the floor ate the pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff pickled the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine delicious delicious pickle on every fine delicious pickled sandwich on the pickled delicious sandwich in the sandwich kissed every chief of staff ? 
a fine pickled pickle ate the fine fine pickled sandwich ! 
every perplexed pickled fine perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed a delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood a perplexed fine fine floor with a president ? 
the pickle ate a floor . 
the chief of staff kissed a delicious sandwich . 
a chief of staff pickled the delicious president ! 
the perplexed pickle wanted the pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
the delicious perplexed floor with the perplexed delicious fine pickle with the perplexed chief of staff under every pickle wanted a perplexed perplexed delicious fine fine pickled pickle with the perplexed floor on the pickled perplexed pickle under the pickled floor with the perplexed pickle under the perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich in the president wanted every president under the pickled perplexed pickled president on a fine perplexed president ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate every pickle ? 
a perplexed fine delicious president kissed the fine sandwich ! 
is it true that every fine chief of staff in the floor understood the delicious chief of staff ? 
every pickled pickled delicious pickle understood the fine sandwich . 
every fine delicious sandwich in the president wanted every sandwich in the perplexed fine fine delicious fine pickled fine perplexed floor under the pickle . 
every sandwich on the pickle understood the sandwich ! 
the perplexed fine delicious floor pickled every pickled fine fine president with the president on a perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich with every floor ! 
the fine president with the pickle under a pickle kissed a sandwich . 
is it true that every pickled fine chief of staff ate the perplexed perplexed pickled pickle ? 
the chief of staff on the president in the pickled president with every pickled perplexed pickle in every floor under the president on the fine sandwich in the pickle under a delicious delicious sandwich wanted the pickle . 
every fine fine floor wanted every delicious fine pickle ! 
the delicious president ate every pickled perplexed floor ! 
a fine perplexed chief of staff with every chief of staff on the floor ate every pickle on the pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff with the floor kissed a delicious delicious pickle ? 
every pickle wanted the fine perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich with the sandwich under the fine pickled president with the perplexed president under every chief of staff under every perplexed sandwich in every perplexed floor with a perplexed president on the chief of staff with the sandwich with the fine pickle in the perplexed pickled pickled fine delicious floor in a delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed every sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a sandwich with the pickle under a pickled pickle in the pickle ? 
a fine delicious pickle in the pickle on the perplexed chief of staff on every fine fine sandwich on a sandwich with a chief of staff in the president pickled the floor ! 
every floor understood a pickled perplexed delicious pickle ! 
the sandwich wanted the floor on the sandwich on the delicious chief of staff with the floor . 
the floor ate a president . 
the pickled pickled pickle with the perplexed president on the fine fine delicious pickled sandwich on a floor with the pickled pickle in every floor with a delicious floor under every perplexed delicious perplexed president ate a perplexed pickle . 
the president wanted the pickled perplexed delicious sandwich ! 
the pickled chief of staff understood every fine floor ! 
the chief of staff ate the chief of staff on a delicious chief of staff in the delicious president in the president with a floor under a perplexed pickled president on a fine chief of staff on the president in a pickled delicious president ! 
a chief of staff wanted the floor ! 
the president in the sandwich in the floor wanted the president ! 
the sandwich wanted a pickle ! 
a president kissed the perplexed pickle on the floor with the delicious floor in a sandwich under every floor with a fine pickled sandwich under a floor on a fine pickle on the delicious president in a delicious president in the chief of staff in the delicious president on the floor on the fine president ! 
a delicious perplexed president on every floor wanted the chief of staff under a sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled pickled floor wanted a perplexed pickled president in the perplexed delicious president ? 
is it true that the fine floor kissed the delicious perplexed pickled fine perplexed pickle with a president ? 
is it true that the pickle ate a sandwich on the chief of staff with every pickled pickled chief of staff with a president with every delicious sandwich on a pickled pickled floor under a pickled pickled sandwich on every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle under every sandwich with the pickle under a floor ate a floor with the chief of staff on a sandwich on a delicious pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled delicious fine chief of staff ate a pickle with a pickle ? 
the pickled delicious president in a delicious pickled floor in the chief of staff under every pickle with the delicious delicious floor under a perplexed chief of staff with a chief of staff in the floor understood a perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor ate the floor with the president in a pickled pickled pickled perplexed floor ? 
every pickled floor ate a sandwich . 
a fine pickle in a president understood the fine pickled floor ! 
the chief of staff ate a delicious pickle in a perplexed chief of staff under the fine delicious chief of staff under every fine perplexed sandwich with the fine sandwich on the perplexed chief of staff with the fine sandwich under a delicious pickled delicious fine sandwich with the pickle with the pickle in the pickled pickle on every pickle on every fine pickled floor under the perplexed president on every fine pickled floor with the floor in every sandwich under the pickle on a fine pickled delicious president in a perplexed fine perplexed sandwich in the delicious fine pickled fine floor . 
the floor ate the fine perplexed president . 
the floor with a floor on the chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickle in every delicious pickled sandwich ! 
the perplexed chief of staff with a pickled sandwich wanted the pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff with a pickled president in the floor pickled the delicious fine pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
a delicious delicious president on the chief of staff kissed the floor in a perplexed fine pickle in a floor with the floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich under the pickled fine delicious sandwich in every president in every sandwich in a pickle in the chief of staff pickled a perplexed perplexed sandwich ? 
every perplexed president understood the president . 
the floor under the pickle understood the sandwich . 
the president on the pickle on the perplexed president in a floor in a pickled delicious sandwich on every fine chief of staff on a fine perplexed chief of staff under the president with the sandwich in a floor in a president on the delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff with every pickle kissed a pickle ! 
a president ate the delicious fine sandwich . 
every floor with the floor under a pickle on a pickled floor with the president in every pickled president with the perplexed floor with the pickle under a fine chief of staff in a president under every pickled delicious chief of staff under the sandwich in the pickle under a sandwich with the perplexed pickle kissed a president on every delicious pickled floor under the fine pickle ! 
the sandwich with every pickle understood a floor under every president ! 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff ate a pickled perplexed delicious delicious perplexed president ? 
a floor wanted the sandwich . 
every perplexed fine floor wanted a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff in a fine perplexed president with every chief of staff under the president on the sandwich in the president on every floor on the president under the delicious pickle under the floor with the president with the chief of staff in the chief of staff on a floor in the fine perplexed fine perplexed sandwich in the president wanted the delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that every perplexed floor on every pickle on a delicious pickled president in a sandwich on a sandwich with a chief of staff wanted every president under the perplexed president on every delicious chief of staff in a perplexed floor with every president with a fine fine perplexed fine president ? 
the pickle on the pickle kissed a chief of staff ! 
a pickled sandwich pickled every president ! 
the delicious chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickled floor on every president under the pickle with a perplexed president . 
is it true that every delicious pickled president ate a fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a sandwich under a pickled fine floor understood a pickle ? 
a floor under the president kissed every sandwich on the president . 
the delicious pickle ate the delicious president in the perplexed fine delicious fine floor ! 
is it true that a perplexed floor on the perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff with a delicious president with the pickle kissed a pickle ? 
every pickled president ate the president . 
is it true that a fine president understood the fine pickle under a pickled floor ? 
the floor kissed a floor ! 
the floor ate every perplexed floor ! 
is it true that a delicious president wanted a chief of staff ? 
a sandwich ate the president ! 
is it true that the president with a fine chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ? 
a fine president ate a delicious fine floor . 
the pickled delicious pickled pickle with the pickled floor ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine pickled fine delicious pickled president kissed every perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious pickled pickled delicious floor with the pickled president on a pickled sandwich on every pickle with a chief of staff ? 
the sandwich kissed the delicious chief of staff in the president with the sandwich on a pickle . 
a pickle ate the pickle ! 
the sandwich wanted the sandwich ! 
the pickled delicious fine delicious perplexed pickle understood the sandwich . 
the sandwich ate the pickled floor ! 
a chief of staff understood the pickle . 
a chief of staff ate the chief of staff on the delicious delicious president on every president ! 
is it true that the delicious delicious perplexed sandwich understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff in the sandwich in the pickle under a floor understood the delicious pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a floor ? 
the pickle with the delicious president with every fine sandwich under the floor understood every perplexed pickled delicious fine president . 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich under the perplexed president on the floor under every delicious delicious pickled floor wanted the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff understood a perplexed perplexed pickle ? 
every floor kissed a delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious floor understood the delicious perplexed president in a fine pickle in every fine perplexed floor ? 
the floor kissed the pickled delicious delicious delicious president ! 
every floor kissed the delicious pickle . 
the floor on the delicious pickle understood every chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff . 
the floor wanted every delicious sandwich . 
the floor with the delicious president kissed a floor . 
is it true that a pickled perplexed floor on the president understood the perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff ? 
the delicious pickled pickle ate the pickled sandwich with the floor ! 
the pickled president wanted the delicious perplexed fine floor with every president on every president . 
is it true that a fine pickled floor ate the sandwich ? 
a sandwich in a floor with a pickled fine sandwich with a perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted the floor ! 
a delicious pickled chief of staff wanted the pickle with the fine pickle under the delicious president . 
the perplexed pickled delicious pickle understood a floor ! 
a president ate a pickled pickle ! 
the floor wanted a floor . 
the sandwich understood the fine president . 
every perplexed president understood a pickle . 
every chief of staff in a pickled delicious floor with the fine fine floor ate every sandwich ! 
the floor kissed the pickled floor ! 
is it true that a pickled delicious pickled chief of staff kissed the fine pickle under the pickled president with a delicious president on the president on the pickle on the delicious sandwich in a delicious perplexed pickle on a floor on a delicious president ? 
a president understood the floor in a delicious sandwich on every chief of staff ! 
the fine perplexed pickled pickle wanted the pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich under a president ate the sandwich ? 
the president in the fine pickle kissed the pickle under a president in every president ! 
the sandwich ate a president . 
is it true that every perplexed perplexed pickle understood the fine pickle ? 
the floor ate a president . 
a fine delicious fine fine delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
a fine president wanted a pickle in a chief of staff with the pickled chief of staff under every sandwich ! 
the pickled pickle wanted the delicious sandwich on a floor under every pickled delicious perplexed president on the fine pickle on a pickle in the floor . 
the sandwich kissed a fine pickled delicious president ! 
every pickled delicious sandwich wanted the floor . 
is it true that the fine floor kissed a perplexed fine pickle ? 
the chief of staff with the delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff in a fine chief of staff under the president ate the delicious pickle ! 
every fine president ate a fine delicious sandwich on the perplexed delicious floor on the perplexed president in the pickle on the pickle in every pickled fine president under the pickle in a fine president ! 
every sandwich kissed every floor under the fine fine fine fine pickled fine pickle . 
a floor wanted the floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff with a floor understood every chief of staff ? 
every fine fine delicious pickle with a pickle under every pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
every delicious floor with a perplexed president with the fine chief of staff under a perplexed sandwich kissed the president ! 
a pickled delicious fine perplexed floor understood a perplexed pickled pickled president with the perplexed fine perplexed sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff with every perplexed pickled floor in the sandwich ! 
the perplexed perplexed perplexed floor ate every pickled chief of staff . 
every pickle wanted a floor . 
the perplexed fine fine delicious fine fine fine chief of staff in a floor with the pickled perplexed floor with every chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
the floor ate every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled floor kissed a pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious sandwich ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle in every pickled pickle understood a chief of staff with the fine perplexed pickled pickled delicious pickle under the floor ? 
every president with a perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed every sandwich . 
a pickle wanted the pickle under a chief of staff on a floor . 
the pickle kissed every pickled sandwich . 
a perplexed floor with the delicious chief of staff in a president on a president under every sandwich with a pickle on the fine chief of staff understood the sandwich in a fine delicious pickled delicious fine fine delicious fine chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled pickle ate a president ? 
the sandwich ate the floor . 
is it true that the floor with the sandwich wanted the pickled fine perplexed delicious floor with the fine perplexed fine president ? 
the fine pickle kissed the president on every pickled chief of staff under a pickled president under a president in a pickle in every perplexed pickled sandwich in a pickle on a delicious sandwich on a president on the sandwich ! 
a perplexed fine delicious pickle ate the delicious sandwich under a perplexed delicious chief of staff on the delicious perplexed fine delicious sandwich . 
a perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the delicious fine perplexed floor . 
every pickle ate every president ! 
a president under the sandwich understood a floor . 
is it true that the perplexed floor wanted a pickled pickled president under every delicious pickle ? 
the fine floor with the chief of staff understood a fine president ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted a chief of staff in a president ? 
the president pickled the pickle . 
every perplexed floor under every chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
is it true that the sandwich on a president understood the fine chief of staff on a chief of staff in the fine pickled pickled chief of staff on the perplexed chief of staff on a president on every perplexed floor with the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine perplexed floor understood a fine pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled fine pickle ate a president under a delicious delicious pickled pickled chief of staff with the sandwich with the delicious floor on the pickle on a sandwich on a sandwich with a president under the pickled fine president under a sandwich on a chief of staff under the delicious delicious chief of staff under every chief of staff in the delicious floor on a delicious pickle on the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickle on the fine pickled pickle with every chief of staff on the chief of staff in a floor in a fine chief of staff on every pickle under the perplexed sandwich wanted a pickle with the fine chief of staff with the president ! 
a delicious pickled floor kissed the sandwich . 
the floor ate every floor in a pickle ! 
the floor with a pickle under the chief of staff on a chief of staff on the pickle under a president on a fine floor ate the fine sandwich with a fine chief of staff on every delicious pickled fine pickled perplexed fine floor under the president in every floor on every pickled perplexed chief of staff in every fine perplexed floor under the perplexed pickle with the president in the president under the fine president under a pickle under the pickle with the president under the floor on a perplexed chief of staff under the president under every chief of staff under the sandwich on a floor on every president in the sandwich on the pickle in a president in the fine perplexed fine floor with the fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled sandwich kissed the chief of staff ? 
the pickled delicious sandwich pickled a sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled floor wanted the sandwich on every chief of staff under the floor under a pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich wanted a floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the president in the floor under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious fine sandwich ate a perplexed perplexed president on the sandwich with a fine perplexed pickle on a sandwich with a pickled fine chief of staff ? 
a delicious pickled sandwich kissed the delicious perplexed pickle under the president in the chief of staff under a pickle . 
a president on the pickled floor kissed the president on the delicious pickled floor . 
a president wanted the perplexed pickle ! 
the pickle understood a sandwich in the fine floor with a floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the president ? 
a president on every perplexed president with the pickle kissed a president in the fine floor ! 
is it true that a delicious fine sandwich in a floor wanted a pickle ? 
the fine pickle kissed the president with a sandwich on the pickled floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff in the floor under the pickled fine perplexed chief of staff under the delicious delicious sandwich in a floor on every pickled sandwich on every perplexed pickle on the pickle kissed the fine delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich with the sandwich ate a perplexed chief of staff with every perplexed floor ? 
the sandwich with a sandwich on the fine pickle kissed the delicious floor . 
the pickle understood a floor . 
the perplexed pickled perplexed fine delicious president in a fine fine perplexed delicious chief of staff understood the president ! 
the chief of staff in every perplexed floor ate the pickle ! 
is it true that a floor wanted a fine pickle ? 
the pickle with a floor in a pickle on a floor under the pickle understood the perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that every fine president ate every perplexed sandwich ? 
the pickle ate the floor . 
a president ate every floor under the perplexed delicious sandwich under the president . 
is it true that the pickle understood every perplexed fine pickled pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor understood a perplexed perplexed delicious president in a floor in a sandwich ? 
every pickle under the fine sandwich understood a president with a fine pickle . 
a pickled sandwich wanted every chief of staff . 
every sandwich wanted the president ! 
the perplexed pickle wanted a pickle in the sandwich on every chief of staff on a pickle in the chief of staff on a pickled floor in a perplexed pickle under every fine sandwich on the president under a chief of staff ! 
a pickled president ate every fine perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a fine perplexed perplexed pickled floor wanted a president ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed the delicious pickled pickle ? 
a perplexed perplexed pickle ate the chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff kissed the fine pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every pickled floor with the fine fine delicious pickled perplexed pickled delicious perplexed perplexed president under the pickled sandwich in the chief of staff in the chief of staff in a floor under a perplexed floor ? 
a president wanted a fine perplexed pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the president ate a floor with the chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickle in the president pickled a pickled floor with the perplexed pickle ! 
a pickle ate the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff on the pickle ate a chief of staff under the fine pickle ? 
a chief of staff under every floor kissed a sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed the perplexed sandwich ! 
the floor wanted the delicious president ! 
the delicious perplexed sandwich kissed every delicious floor . 
the pickle with a sandwich ate a delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
a sandwich understood the perplexed president ! 
every floor with the sandwich kissed a fine president ! 
a pickle under a fine pickle in every delicious fine pickle under the pickle on a perplexed president ate a perplexed pickled delicious floor . 
a president with a floor wanted the chief of staff with a chief of staff with a floor on every fine delicious sandwich in the perplexed floor ! 
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle in a chief of staff in a president on the pickled sandwich on the president wanted the floor in the delicious president ? 
a perplexed chief of staff understood the perplexed perplexed chief of staff in a chief of staff in the president . 
is it true that every pickle ate a delicious floor ? 
is it true that the pickle understood a president ? 
is it true that a floor understood a pickled president ? 
a pickled president ate the pickle in the floor in a pickled fine floor . 
a pickled pickle understood the pickle with every fine chief of staff under the president in the floor ! 
every sandwich on a pickled delicious president with the chief of staff kissed a chief of staff on the fine president . 
a floor in a perplexed pickle wanted a president ! 
is it true that a pickled sandwich under the pickled sandwich with every pickled pickled fine president kissed the sandwich with the president under a sandwich on every fine perplexed floor in every president ? 
a floor kissed the pickled floor with every chief of staff in the delicious fine pickled floor under a sandwich under the delicious fine fine fine fine floor on the sandwich under every perplexed fine sandwich with a chief of staff on a president . 
the perplexed pickle wanted a perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle in the fine pickle . 
is it true that every fine pickled president wanted every fine chief of staff ? 
a fine sandwich on every pickled pickled floor with the pickle on a fine perplexed president under the fine pickled fine fine chief of staff in a president on the floor on the delicious pickled pickle with the pickle wanted a perplexed pickled delicious pickled delicious perplexed pickled pickle ! 
the delicious chief of staff wanted the perplexed perplexed pickled fine sandwich ! 
the president understood a perplexed delicious floor ! 
is it true that a delicious perplexed pickled floor with the president under every fine pickled pickled chief of staff on the chief of staff understood the pickled sandwich ? 
a pickled pickle wanted a perplexed floor in a chief of staff ! 
a pickled sandwich understood the fine perplexed president . 
is it true that the pickled floor kissed a chief of staff ? 
the sandwich ate the pickle ! 
every president wanted every president on the perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
the sandwich wanted the floor ! 
a fine delicious chief of staff ate the floor ! 
the chief of staff understood the president ! 
every floor understood the pickled sandwich . 
the president on a delicious sandwich on every perplexed delicious president under the sandwich with the floor with a fine pickled pickled floor with every delicious sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that every president under a fine perplexed pickle in the perplexed pickle wanted the delicious sandwich in a delicious chief of staff in a president with a president on the pickled chief of staff on a delicious sandwich with the floor under a perplexed pickled pickle in the sandwich with a delicious president in every perplexed floor with a pickled perplexed fine chief of staff under the pickled president on the pickle in every floor under the floor on a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious pickle in a sandwich on the delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled a delicious perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled president wanted a delicious delicious sandwich on the president ? 
every president ate a perplexed pickle ! 
the delicious fine president ate the pickled sandwich ! 
the fine pickled president understood the delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the president ? 
the pickled perplexed pickle on the fine fine delicious fine pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff on a pickle with a chief of staff wanted the perplexed perplexed floor ! 
the pickled chief of staff ate the president on every fine fine pickle . 
the floor kissed a fine floor on the fine president with the sandwich on the pickled floor in a perplexed pickled floor . 
is it true that every pickled president on every pickle understood the pickled president under the floor under a perplexed president with the delicious perplexed president with a delicious perplexed president on the floor under the sandwich with the sandwich under the fine sandwich on the pickle on the floor with a perplexed pickled fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle ate the chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
a sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that a president in every pickled chief of staff pickled every perplexed delicious perplexed fine perplexed perplexed pickled fine president in the sandwich on the sandwich on every perplexed pickled president ? 
is it true that the president under every pickle wanted a floor in every president under the floor ? 
a delicious fine pickled pickled fine delicious chief of staff ate the pickled pickle on a pickle under the sandwich on the president . 
the floor kissed a chief of staff on the sandwich . 
the fine delicious fine pickle wanted the floor ! 
a fine floor kissed every perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed president under the chief of staff in the delicious delicious chief of staff in every fine chief of staff under a delicious perplexed fine president with a pickled chief of staff on the pickle under the sandwich in a perplexed floor in a chief of staff on every pickle in the chief of staff understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that a president ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood a chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff with a perplexed president ate the fine delicious perplexed perplexed delicious floor under a floor on a fine pickled president ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich in every fine chief of staff under every perplexed chief of staff under a fine sandwich under the sandwich in every president on a perplexed fine perplexed fine president kissed a fine delicious chief of staff ? 
a pickled pickle under every president ate the pickle . 
a perplexed pickled pickle kissed a president . 
every sandwich under the pickle in the president under a chief of staff in a perplexed delicious pickle in a pickle under a sandwich in the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickled pickle kissed the sandwich on the delicious delicious perplexed president in a pickle with the delicious fine pickle with the perplexed chief of staff under the president on a pickle ? 
is it true that every delicious president in the fine delicious pickle with the chief of staff in a floor kissed the delicious pickle ? 
every perplexed floor ate a pickled perplexed chief of staff in the pickle . 
every perplexed fine pickled floor wanted a floor with the floor in the delicious perplexed president ! 
the fine chief of staff wanted the president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a president under a president under the pickle under the perplexed delicious perplexed pickle on the perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff in the delicious floor with a pickle ? 
the fine chief of staff wanted a president with the pickled fine pickle on the president ! 
every president wanted a floor ! 
the delicious fine fine sandwich kissed a fine chief of staff . 
is it true that every president pickled the delicious president under every delicious president under a fine perplexed perplexed floor with a fine sandwich ? 
a delicious floor kissed the chief of staff ! 
the president under a sandwich with a delicious perplexed pickled pickle ate a floor . 
the president wanted the president . 
every pickle under a president wanted the president . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickled president ate the sandwich ? 
the sandwich ate the president in the floor . 
is it true that the delicious pickled fine chief of staff on the chief of staff wanted the sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious perplexed floor understood every perplexed sandwich under the pickled fine delicious perplexed sandwich under every president ? 
every sandwich understood every delicious perplexed president . 
is it true that the pickled floor pickled every president ? 
the pickled delicious pickle under a fine pickle on the president on the president pickled the fine pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the delicious president ? 
the pickled sandwich kissed a pickled perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the fine pickled delicious fine floor wanted the chief of staff in the fine chief of staff with the sandwich on a president in the chief of staff with the pickle with the chief of staff on a floor in a delicious chief of staff with a delicious fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor understood a pickle ? 
the chief of staff kissed a pickle ! 
a fine sandwich ate the delicious fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president under a delicious floor ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed fine chief of staff under a sandwich pickled the perplexed president with a fine pickled delicious president with a delicious fine chief of staff with the chief of staff in the fine floor on every pickled perplexed sandwich under a delicious pickled perplexed pickle under a perplexed perplexed delicious president in the fine chief of staff under the fine perplexed floor under the president under the floor ? 
the floor understood the pickle . 
every floor in the sandwich under a fine delicious floor with every chief of staff with every president wanted a chief of staff ! 
the fine floor wanted the floor ! 
is it true that the president with every pickle with a fine fine perplexed pickled chief of staff on the chief of staff with a delicious president on a perplexed delicious fine floor in a fine pickled president kissed the chief of staff ? 
every president ate the pickled floor on a sandwich on the fine perplexed floor ! 
the perplexed floor kissed a chief of staff ! 
the president understood every president ! 
the perplexed delicious floor understood the president . 
is it true that every pickle ate the floor with a pickled sandwich ? 
the perplexed floor wanted the sandwich on every sandwich with every pickled delicious sandwich ! 
the delicious fine floor with a floor with the president understood the chief of staff in a chief of staff in the president . 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff ate the pickled perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that a perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted every pickle ? 
every perplexed fine sandwich ate a delicious delicious fine perplexed floor . 
every floor understood the delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the president ate every sandwich ? 
the pickle kissed the floor ! 
a delicious floor wanted the pickled pickled perplexed fine fine pickle ! 
the pickled chief of staff kissed every perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious pickle kissed the floor ? 
a pickle wanted a pickle . 
a fine floor in the sandwich understood the president ! 
the sandwich on a sandwich understood the perplexed perplexed president under a pickle with every fine floor on a floor ! 
a chief of staff wanted a sandwich on the chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff under the pickled pickle with a pickle with the president on the pickle under every perplexed floor understood the delicious perplexed perplexed pickle on a perplexed sandwich with the perplexed pickled pickled floor in the chief of staff on the floor with the perplexed pickled floor ! 
a delicious pickled pickle understood the perplexed fine chief of staff . 
the perplexed chief of staff under a president wanted a pickled sandwich ! 
the fine pickle kissed a delicious president with every president ! 
a pickled pickle pickled a pickled floor . 
every sandwich with the pickle on every president on every sandwich on a chief of staff wanted a president . 
the chief of staff kissed a delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled pickle in the delicious fine fine perplexed pickled chief of staff ate a pickled fine chief of staff ? 
a president wanted the delicious fine fine sandwich ! 
the chief of staff wanted the sandwich in a chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff understood a floor ! 
a floor on the delicious floor under a pickled pickle under the pickle under every fine chief of staff on every delicious pickled pickled chief of staff understood a floor on every floor . 
the pickled floor kissed the floor on the delicious chief of staff with the perplexed fine pickled fine perplexed floor under the pickle with a president in a delicious delicious fine pickle with every president ! 
the pickle wanted a president ! 
is it true that a president under a pickle under a fine perplexed delicious chief of staff under a delicious president in the fine fine delicious pickle with a perplexed sandwich with a perplexed pickle ate a delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickle wanted the floor ? 
the perplexed president understood every chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the fine delicious floor ? 
is it true that the delicious pickled delicious fine president wanted the president ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
the floor ate a chief of staff ! 
is it true that every sandwich kissed a fine pickle ? 
a delicious fine chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff understood a fine pickle ? 
is it true that every pickled fine president ate the pickled chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickled fine president wanted a floor on a chief of staff under a sandwich in the fine delicious perplexed president under a floor with a sandwich with the sandwich ! 
the fine sandwich understood every pickle . 
a floor ate the chief of staff under a fine president in the perplexed fine chief of staff under the pickled sandwich on a chief of staff ! 
every president wanted a fine president ! 
a delicious fine president with a delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted the pickled pickled chief of staff on the sandwich with the president ! 
the sandwich on every chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickled pickled delicious delicious pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the fine sandwich ate the floor under a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle wanted every pickle with every floor on a chief of staff in the fine delicious pickle ? 
a sandwich pickled a president in the delicious delicious pickled pickled president under every pickle . 
is it true that the fine floor pickled a delicious floor ? 
a pickled sandwich understood every perplexed sandwich in a pickle ! 
the pickle wanted a perplexed pickle ! 
every sandwich kissed a president . 
the perplexed sandwich with the sandwich understood the fine president . 
every chief of staff ate a chief of staff on the president with a chief of staff with a fine pickle under a president under the president ! 
a chief of staff wanted every president ! 
the pickled perplexed pickle in the sandwich understood a fine chief of staff . 
every fine pickled pickle kissed the president . 
a pickle wanted the floor with the delicious fine chief of staff ! 
a delicious president understood the chief of staff under every fine chief of staff . 
a sandwich pickled every sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed perplexed pickle understood the pickle ? 
the president ate the sandwich ! 
a sandwich understood a delicious president in every pickle under the chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a perplexed floor ? 
the floor wanted every pickled floor . 
is it true that every pickle ate the sandwich in a floor ? 
a perplexed sandwich understood a delicious pickle on a pickled perplexed floor . 
is it true that a pickle wanted the president with a delicious fine chief of staff on the floor ? 
a chief of staff kissed every pickle . 
the president understood the president . 
every fine fine perplexed perplexed fine sandwich understood a president with a chief of staff in the pickle . 
the delicious delicious pickle wanted every pickle ! 
every delicious chief of staff understood the fine pickled sandwich . 
the fine president understood a perplexed floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a perplexed fine sandwich ? 
the pickle on a pickle kissed a pickled delicious president under the pickle under the pickled chief of staff with the president on the president in the president in a delicious fine pickle ! 
is it true that every perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff in the president kissed the pickled floor ? 
the fine pickled perplexed perplexed fine floor under a president understood a perplexed delicious floor on the pickled pickle ! 
is it true that the floor on the president on the chief of staff wanted every floor ? 
every president understood a sandwich with every sandwich in a fine president with a pickle . 
is it true that the sandwich in the delicious delicious pickled pickled fine pickled pickle wanted the delicious pickled pickle ? 
is it true that every perplexed delicious president kissed the delicious fine pickle on a sandwich ? 
a president pickled a perplexed sandwich . 
the president understood a president in the perplexed pickled president under a perplexed pickled pickled pickle on a perplexed sandwich with a chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor ate a chief of staff on a chief of staff in the chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff kissed the perplexed chief of staff ! 
a fine floor kissed every perplexed fine president . 
the perplexed pickle wanted the fine pickled floor with a pickle . 
a delicious floor wanted the floor ! 
is it true that the pickled fine chief of staff kissed the delicious fine fine perplexed sandwich ? 
the delicious president pickled the sandwich ! 
the pickle with the floor ate a president . 
is it true that a delicious fine pickled delicious president pickled every pickled fine floor with the pickle ? 
the floor wanted the chief of staff ! 
every floor under a sandwich under the sandwich under every pickle with a president kissed the president . 
is it true that a floor on every chief of staff with a fine pickle ate the sandwich ? 
the fine pickled chief of staff under a pickle in a president on a delicious chief of staff in the fine delicious sandwich under a pickled sandwich with the president in a chief of staff in a floor in every sandwich with the chief of staff on a floor in the floor with the delicious pickle with a sandwich on a perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff with every sandwich under the perplexed sandwich on a delicious president in a pickle on the sandwich with the chief of staff on a perplexed floor under the pickled delicious chief of staff with a pickled floor with the pickle with a delicious delicious president on the fine president with a sandwich in a sandwich on a perplexed sandwich with every fine pickle in the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff under the president in the chief of staff in a sandwich under a chief of staff under a pickle wanted a floor . 
the sandwich in the fine perplexed pickle with every floor kissed every sandwich ! 
a pickle wanted a president in every perplexed pickle . 
the fine fine pickle with the fine pickle under the delicious fine pickled pickle under the fine floor with a perplexed pickled fine chief of staff in a pickle kissed a pickled pickle ! 
the delicious delicious floor ate every fine president on the pickle with every sandwich with the pickled president . 
the delicious fine president with every chief of staff kissed the president in the fine pickled delicious delicious perplexed fine delicious president with the delicious delicious chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed president in every delicious president ! 
a chief of staff kissed a floor ! 
is it true that the president kissed every floor ? 
the pickled pickled chief of staff on a president under the chief of staff kissed the president ! 
the pickled president ate the pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich pickled a pickled pickle ? 
the delicious fine sandwich wanted every delicious pickled president ! 
a fine perplexed delicious chief of staff under the chief of staff wanted every pickled floor ! 
is it true that the fine delicious pickled floor understood the president ? 
the delicious president ate the sandwich ! 
the chief of staff ate the president ! 
every fine pickled president understood a president ! 
a floor with a sandwich with the floor in the sandwich in a chief of staff under the president with a pickle with every sandwich with the chief of staff in a delicious pickled pickle with the pickled delicious pickled fine president on the president wanted a pickle under the president ! 
a perplexed sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff in every delicious fine pickle under the pickled floor on every president on the perplexed pickle understood a perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that every floor kissed a president ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickle wanted the fine fine perplexed floor ? 
every pickle ate the president in the sandwich in a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickled president under the chief of staff with a president wanted the floor in every president under a pickled chief of staff under the floor with every fine sandwich ? 
a pickle wanted the sandwich under the delicious floor ! 
the chief of staff wanted the fine pickle . 
a floor ate the delicious delicious pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the delicious pickled delicious floor ? 
a chief of staff ate the pickle . 
a sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ! 
the pickled fine perplexed president understood a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed delicious perplexed pickle understood the floor ! 
a president wanted the chief of staff with a president on a president . 
the fine perplexed fine chief of staff wanted the fine floor in the fine pickle on a pickle in the perplexed fine sandwich on every sandwich . 
a fine pickle in the delicious fine fine sandwich wanted a fine pickled pickle in the sandwich on every sandwich . 
the pickle ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that every delicious delicious pickled president kissed a delicious pickle under a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine fine pickle ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff in a floor understood the perplexed president ? 
the delicious chief of staff ate a pickled floor ! 
the pickle with every fine fine fine chief of staff ate the pickle in every president under the perplexed pickled pickle with the fine fine pickled pickled fine sandwich . 
a fine perplexed sandwich understood the pickled pickle on every floor with a floor . 
the pickle understood the perplexed pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed a floor . 
the delicious pickled floor ate a president . 
is it true that a delicious pickle in a perplexed perplexed pickle understood the floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the chief of staff under the sandwich ? 
every perplexed chief of staff understood the president ! 
is it true that the fine delicious perplexed sandwich in a president on a floor wanted a delicious pickle ? 
every pickled perplexed fine fine perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the president in every perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the floor under the chief of staff ate every sandwich ? 
a floor on the floor understood the pickle with the floor . 
the pickle with every pickled president on the pickled fine chief of staff on every perplexed sandwich under every president with every pickled sandwich under the pickle with the perplexed chief of staff in the floor under a floor with a floor in a sandwich kissed the sandwich . 
the sandwich wanted every perplexed delicious floor . 
a sandwich wanted every pickled president under every floor . 
every floor wanted the delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff with the president wanted a floor ? 
a president pickled a delicious perplexed pickled fine fine fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich with the perplexed pickled sandwich ate a president ? 
every president kissed a perplexed chief of staff ! 
every pickled perplexed pickled president on the sandwich on a pickle under a president on every pickled president under the fine chief of staff in a chief of staff on the pickle kissed every pickle in the fine pickle with the delicious pickled pickled pickled chief of staff on the pickled perplexed president ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich under every pickled pickled pickled sandwich kissed a delicious sandwich ? 
the pickled sandwich in the president understood every sandwich ! 
the delicious sandwich understood the pickled president . 
is it true that the perplexed fine sandwich kissed the delicious perplexed pickled delicious president under a delicious president under the delicious fine fine pickle on every fine fine pickle with the sandwich under the floor ? 
is it true that the floor with every pickle with the floor under every sandwich ate every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president with a pickled fine pickled chief of staff with a perplexed floor in a chief of staff kissed the pickled perplexed chief of staff ? 
a pickle kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine fine delicious perplexed floor pickled the president under a perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff ? 
a pickled fine pickled fine chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ! 
the pickled floor ate a fine perplexed floor in a fine fine pickle ! 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff understood a chief of staff on the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every president kissed the fine floor ? 
the fine president under the fine perplexed floor ate a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich on the pickled chief of staff ? 
every perplexed delicious fine chief of staff kissed a sandwich with every perplexed president with the delicious chief of staff ! 
a pickled pickled sandwich ate the president on a fine chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff under a floor wanted every pickled president . 
every floor ate every president in the delicious sandwich in the floor with the chief of staff on a delicious sandwich under a pickle on a pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich under the chief of staff under every delicious chief of staff under the chief of staff under the sandwich with the perplexed sandwich ! 
the perplexed perplexed pickled president kissed the pickled president . 
a floor kissed the president on a pickled chief of staff . 
a chief of staff understood the perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich ! 
the floor understood a chief of staff with every sandwich ! 
the perplexed sandwich kissed the fine sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood the pickle . 
a president understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled floor in a pickle under the floor in the delicious delicious floor in a fine chief of staff kissed the fine delicious pickle ? 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? 
a sandwich understood the pickled pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich pickled the president on a pickle . 
a delicious pickle pickled the fine floor ! 
the floor pickled the president with a pickled president in a floor on a perplexed sandwich with the pickled delicious chief of staff on the floor ! 
the pickled fine delicious chief of staff understood a delicious floor . 
a sandwich kissed every perplexed delicious floor . 
every sandwich wanted the president with the fine pickle with a pickle on a pickled chief of staff under every perplexed pickled chief of staff on the sandwich in the pickled fine floor in a fine sandwich on the sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed a sandwich under a chief of staff . 
a delicious chief of staff understood the fine floor . 
a chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed pickled fine delicious delicious president . 
the sandwich kissed the pickled floor . 
the fine delicious floor wanted every floor . 
the floor under the delicious fine pickle in a sandwich with a floor in a chief of staff in a perplexed fine sandwich under the delicious perplexed pickled delicious president ate a chief of staff in a pickle under every floor with every pickled delicious president in the sandwich with the pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff with the floor in the perplexed delicious fine perplexed chief of staff in a president on a perplexed perplexed floor on the delicious floor on every pickled president in a perplexed pickled fine pickled pickled perplexed pickle with a pickled sandwich on a sandwich under the pickle on every perplexed president under a pickle in a pickled chief of staff under the fine perplexed pickle . 
the delicious fine perplexed sandwich ate every sandwich . 
the fine delicious fine pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich ate the pickled sandwich . 
is it true that every delicious delicious chief of staff wanted the floor with a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious fine president ? 
the floor ate the president ! 
the president in the pickled delicious fine delicious floor on a sandwich in the fine delicious delicious delicious chief of staff wanted the president in the pickled sandwich ! 
a floor with a floor wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that a fine delicious pickle in every perplexed pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
the floor ate the perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the floor on every fine delicious president in a president pickled a president ? 
the president wanted the floor on a pickle under a fine chief of staff with every chief of staff ! 
the sandwich wanted the president ! 
every delicious delicious floor kissed the sandwich in the perplexed delicious floor under a perplexed president under a sandwich in the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every president understood every chief of staff ? 
the sandwich under every delicious perplexed pickle under the sandwich under the delicious sandwich wanted a pickled floor with a pickled chief of staff in the pickle ! 
is it true that every sandwich wanted the perplexed sandwich in the delicious sandwich in a perplexed pickled pickle under the president ? 
a sandwich in the president kissed a delicious chief of staff ! 
a president with the floor on the chief of staff in the floor kissed a president . 
the sandwich on the fine fine delicious delicious perplexed delicious sandwich on a chief of staff under the delicious chief of staff in the fine sandwich under the pickle with the perplexed perplexed floor under a pickled delicious floor on the chief of staff ate a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president ate the perplexed president on the fine sandwich on a pickled delicious chief of staff with a pickle in a perplexed fine perplexed fine floor in a sandwich on the floor ? 
the fine perplexed sandwich with a perplexed perplexed pickled pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood the president . 
the floor under the fine pickle kissed the delicious sandwich ! 
the pickled fine delicious president in the chief of staff on the chief of staff wanted a president . 
a perplexed president wanted the pickled perplexed fine sandwich ! 
the delicious president with the pickled perplexed president pickled every fine sandwich in the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled fine chief of staff on a pickle pickled a chief of staff ? 
is it true that every perplexed president wanted a pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the perplexed pickled pickled floor ? 
the perplexed floor understood the floor ! 
the sandwich wanted a fine fine president . 
every delicious president ate the floor . 
is it true that the pickle under the chief of staff on a pickled chief of staff under the perplexed sandwich under a fine president with the floor under every pickled sandwich with a president on the pickle under the perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff with the floor with a president in every floor under every floor on every fine pickled fine pickled perplexed pickled floor on a president under the pickled floor on the delicious delicious sandwich on the pickled delicious president kissed a floor in the pickle ? 
the president in the president wanted the chief of staff under the chief of staff in the pickle with the fine pickled president . 
is it true that a president ate the chief of staff ? 
a perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed every pickled fine fine sandwich with every pickled pickled delicious fine pickled floor . 
is it true that the delicious president pickled the fine perplexed chief of staff ? 
the delicious president kissed a delicious pickle . 
a chief of staff wanted the sandwich in a pickle . 
is it true that the pickled president with the delicious pickled fine president ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled pickle wanted a delicious sandwich on a pickle on the floor in a pickled delicious floor on every fine pickled delicious fine chief of staff on the pickle under a president with the delicious pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff with the pickled floor understood a pickled perplexed delicious perplexed pickled fine president on a chief of staff in the sandwich in the pickle under the sandwich under every perplexed floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff understood the perplexed fine delicious president ? 
every president with the delicious sandwich with every fine floor with every chief of staff under the sandwich on the chief of staff with a sandwich understood a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff under a fine pickled perplexed fine chief of staff in the chief of staff understood the president . 
is it true that a sandwich understood the perplexed president ? 
the president with a pickle in the floor on the delicious fine floor understood a president with every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious sandwich wanted a president with the perplexed president ? 
a pickled chief of staff with a floor ate a delicious delicious pickle . 
a sandwich wanted the floor ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed fine president kissed the delicious president under a delicious fine perplexed sandwich in the fine pickled floor under a delicious pickled pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that every delicious delicious pickled pickle in the sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor kissed the sandwich with every pickle ? 
is it true that a fine perplexed pickle in the floor on a pickle under a fine delicious president under the floor with the delicious chief of staff in the pickle with a president with a fine sandwich under the sandwich under a delicious fine pickled president with the perplexed fine sandwich in the chief of staff with a perplexed chief of staff under a pickled perplexed pickle under the sandwich in a delicious floor in the chief of staff under a chief of staff under a pickled pickled fine pickle on the sandwich with the pickle on every delicious chief of staff kissed the perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a delicious sandwich kissed the fine sandwich ? 
a president with every pickle under the perplexed sandwich under the delicious pickle on every pickle with a floor under every fine pickle pickled the president ! 
every delicious sandwich ate the fine chief of staff ! 
a delicious pickle kissed a sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine delicious pickle ate the perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle ? 
the fine perplexed floor on a fine perplexed pickle ate a pickled perplexed pickled delicious delicious fine president ! 
a chief of staff in the pickle with every pickled perplexed pickle on a pickled president understood every pickle ! 
the president understood the pickle . 
is it true that a perplexed pickle wanted a floor ? 
the pickle ate a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president pickled a sandwich on the president ? 
the delicious perplexed delicious floor ate a pickle ! 
the sandwich in the president on a president pickled the fine pickle with every floor on the fine chief of staff . 
a perplexed fine pickled delicious pickle understood every president under every floor ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickled pickle in a perplexed floor under the delicious president wanted the sandwich ? 
every delicious sandwich understood every pickle ! 
a pickled pickle on a chief of staff in a perplexed perplexed president on the president understood a pickle . 
is it true that a floor ate the pickle ? 
the perplexed floor wanted the delicious pickle . 
a perplexed pickled floor understood the delicious pickled pickled floor . 
is it true that the floor in every floor with a delicious chief of staff wanted every fine fine pickled pickled president ? 
is it true that every floor understood every delicious floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that the president ate a president ? 
is it true that a president kissed the floor ? 
a pickled floor in the pickled delicious pickled floor with every floor under the perplexed president on the pickled sandwich in the perplexed fine perplexed delicious pickled floor understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood a president in every sandwich in the pickle under every floor with the pickled chief of staff on a floor under the fine floor under the delicious fine fine chief of staff on the pickle on the floor under the president with a pickle under the floor ? 
is it true that a pickle ate the perplexed perplexed sandwich under a chief of staff ? 
every perplexed floor kissed the floor under the pickle with the pickled perplexed pickle with the chief of staff in the floor in every fine perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled pickle ate the perplexed perplexed floor ? 
a delicious pickled perplexed president in a pickled fine chief of staff kissed every perplexed pickled chief of staff . 
a president in the president understood a president with the delicious perplexed pickle on a floor under the chief of staff with the president with the perplexed floor on a floor under every pickle on the sandwich in a floor in every perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed president in the fine pickled president under a chief of staff ! 
a president pickled a fine floor on every fine pickled delicious delicious floor . 
is it true that every pickled president with a floor understood the perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed a perplexed sandwich under the president with every pickled fine delicious pickle on the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled pickle ate the floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff understood a pickle on every president in every chief of staff on every chief of staff in the chief of staff under a chief of staff on the perplexed pickled president with the perplexed delicious chief of staff with a president on a delicious fine floor under the floor under the delicious chief of staff ? 
every pickled pickle ate every sandwich in the perplexed president on every pickle in the chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickle in the pickled chief of staff kissed every sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the president ? 
is it true that a floor wanted a pickle in the chief of staff in the chief of staff on the pickled perplexed floor on every president on the president with every chief of staff under the chief of staff ? 
the pickled pickled perplexed delicious delicious floor wanted the pickle ! 
every fine perplexed perplexed floor on a fine president ate the floor . 
the pickle in every chief of staff understood the pickle ! 
every sandwich understood the pickle with the delicious pickled pickled floor on the president in the sandwich on a pickle in a president on the delicious pickle in the chief of staff in every chief of staff with the president with the perplexed pickle under a chief of staff in the chief of staff in the sandwich ! 
the pickled pickle kissed every floor ! 
every delicious fine perplexed delicious fine sandwich wanted the pickle on the perplexed delicious perplexed fine floor . 
the floor kissed every delicious pickle in every floor under the floor ! 
is it true that the chief of staff on a floor ate every fine sandwich ? 
the delicious pickle wanted every floor in the fine president under a pickle under a pickled fine delicious chief of staff under the sandwich on the pickled fine perplexed delicious delicious sandwich under the fine sandwich in the perplexed perplexed president under the fine delicious president ! 
the floor kissed the pickled pickle . 
the floor in every floor kissed every chief of staff . 
the sandwich ate the sandwich ! 
the sandwich pickled a delicious delicious pickle on every floor ! 
the sandwich with the perplexed sandwich ate every perplexed perplexed sandwich in every pickled president under the pickled president . 
every delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that every delicious floor kissed the pickle with the president with a floor ? 
a delicious pickle in a sandwich on the floor in every chief of staff wanted a floor . 
every pickle in every perplexed pickle with the sandwich with every floor understood the fine chief of staff . 
a president wanted a chief of staff on a chief of staff on the president on a president ! 
the pickle kissed the floor ! 
is it true that the fine floor ate the pickled floor ? 
the pickled perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious delicious pickled fine delicious pickled delicious president ! 
the president under a perplexed pickled delicious floor understood a floor on the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich under the president on the delicious chief of staff under a pickle with every chief of staff ! 
a delicious pickled floor with every pickle on the chief of staff under the pickled pickle under the sandwich in a president with the president with the perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff with a chief of staff on a fine pickled president in a floor with a chief of staff with a delicious sandwich under a chief of staff in a floor with the president on a president in the delicious president with a pickled pickle wanted the sandwich in the perplexed delicious fine president . 
the fine pickle under the delicious president kissed a president ! 
is it true that the delicious perplexed sandwich wanted the fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a president with the chief of staff kissed the perplexed delicious pickle ? 
every president wanted a floor ! 
is it true that a pickle wanted the perplexed fine chief of staff ? 
the sandwich in every chief of staff on every delicious pickled president ate the perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed pickle in the chief of staff on every perplexed fine chief of staff on a delicious floor under the sandwich with a chief of staff under the pickle in the chief of staff in a delicious delicious delicious pickle with a pickled floor under every floor on the president under the fine chief of staff in every chief of staff on the pickled chief of staff with every fine chief of staff with the perplexed pickled perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
the delicious perplexed floor wanted a delicious sandwich under a president on the perplexed pickled president . 
the fine delicious sandwich ate the pickled delicious delicious chief of staff . 
is it true that the president in the chief of staff on a chief of staff on every pickle kissed every pickled chief of staff under a pickled pickle with the chief of staff with the pickled delicious president with the president ? 
is it true that the pickle ate a floor ? 
the fine president kissed a pickled sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious delicious sandwich with every sandwich on a pickle with a pickle with the chief of staff ate every floor with a pickled delicious pickle under a pickle ? 
a pickled delicious floor understood the chief of staff with the sandwich under every fine perplexed pickle under the sandwich with every perplexed floor with the pickle in a president in a delicious sandwich in the delicious pickled president in the sandwich under the delicious sandwich under every chief of staff in the fine sandwich under the fine sandwich with a floor . 
a president kissed every fine sandwich . 
the delicious delicious delicious perplexed fine pickle kissed the pickled fine chief of staff in every delicious sandwich . 
the sandwich understood a sandwich in the president with the pickle in the fine sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood the floor with the fine sandwich in every pickle . 
the perplexed sandwich on the floor kissed a delicious chief of staff . 
the president ate the floor . 
is it true that the perplexed fine pickle with a floor ate a president ? 
every pickled chief of staff understood a pickled sandwich ! 
every floor ate the president in a pickled sandwich ! 
the fine perplexed president under every sandwich ate every floor with the floor under every president . 
a floor on the floor in the chief of staff kissed the president in the sandwich with the pickle ! 
every pickle wanted the president . 
a perplexed perplexed fine sandwich kissed the delicious pickle . 
the fine chief of staff in a floor wanted a perplexed chief of staff in the pickled sandwich with every pickled delicious delicious pickled chief of staff with every pickled sandwich under the pickled fine pickle on a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff under the fine delicious fine president under every chief of staff ! 
the floor under a floor with every delicious delicious perplexed fine floor under every president under the fine fine delicious fine delicious floor wanted the president on the sandwich under the pickle . 
is it true that a fine fine sandwich with a delicious sandwich kissed every floor ? 
a pickled pickle wanted a fine pickle ! 
is it true that the pickle in the sandwich with the sandwich in every perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed delicious delicious president under the chief of staff with a pickled sandwich wanted a pickled pickle in the pickled fine pickle under the floor under the pickled president under the chief of staff with the fine delicious chief of staff on the president ? 
the pickled fine chief of staff on the floor with the perplexed perplexed fine delicious chief of staff under every pickle ate the floor . 
the pickle under the perplexed floor understood a sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle with the president ate the pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate a pickle on a floor in the president with the perplexed perplexed fine president ? 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the perplexed delicious chief of staff ? 
every delicious delicious perplexed pickled president on every chief of staff ate a sandwich ! 
every president wanted the pickle with the president . 
is it true that a president wanted the delicious president under every fine president ? 
is it true that a pickled president with the fine perplexed pickle on a chief of staff wanted every sandwich ? 
is it true that every president understood every pickle ? 
a pickle kissed the pickle . 
the sandwich in the pickled perplexed president in the pickle on every pickled perplexed floor wanted the perplexed president . 
the fine delicious chief of staff pickled the pickle . 
is it true that the perplexed pickle ate every sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious pickled chief of staff with the perplexed pickled delicious sandwich in the pickled pickled delicious perplexed pickled fine pickle on the sandwich on every perplexed chief of staff with a pickle with a pickled fine fine chief of staff wanted the perplexed pickle ? 
the fine delicious pickled sandwich understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that the president with a chief of staff ate the floor with the sandwich in the pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled floor understood the delicious president on the president in the floor on a pickled pickled perplexed president on the pickle in a fine fine delicious pickle ? 
a pickle with the president under every perplexed pickled sandwich under every perplexed chief of staff with the perplexed pickle understood a president . 
is it true that a delicious pickled president understood every pickle ? 
a perplexed floor wanted the delicious chief of staff ! 
the sandwich understood the chief of staff with the pickle on the delicious sandwich on every president with the fine pickled pickle on every pickle with the pickled fine chief of staff on the delicious delicious pickle in the floor in every floor . 
the sandwich wanted a floor . 
a fine sandwich understood a chief of staff with the chief of staff . 
the floor wanted the sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor ate the pickle ? 
the pickled floor wanted the sandwich in a pickled president ! 
is it true that the floor wanted the delicious fine pickle in the chief of staff on the president with the perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff on every pickle on a president ? 
the floor kissed the pickled pickle under a sandwich on a perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich under the chief of staff . 
is it true that every sandwich kissed a floor ? 
the fine perplexed sandwich with the fine chief of staff in a delicious pickle with the pickled sandwich on the pickled floor on the sandwich with the pickle kissed the pickle ! 
a chief of staff with every pickled perplexed floor under every perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted the perplexed perplexed fine floor under a pickle on the sandwich under the perplexed fine chief of staff in the fine pickled perplexed delicious sandwich in every delicious chief of staff on a delicious delicious floor under a chief of staff ! 
a delicious delicious fine sandwich kissed a floor under every president on the perplexed pickled chief of staff under the pickle under every pickle under a delicious perplexed fine floor with a pickle on the perplexed pickle on the perplexed perplexed sandwich under a floor with the sandwich with the sandwich in a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff in the fine chief of staff understood every pickle . 
the pickled perplexed floor wanted every fine fine pickled pickled fine perplexed delicious perplexed pickled pickle ! 
is it true that every president in a pickled sandwich under the sandwich under the pickled sandwich in the floor with the pickle in the floor in the delicious delicious president with the pickled perplexed pickled floor ate every floor ? 
a delicious sandwich wanted a delicious pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the president under every sandwich ? 
every pickled perplexed sandwich understood the perplexed floor with the delicious president under the perplexed floor on the sandwich . 
is it true that a delicious fine pickled delicious fine delicious pickle kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that every pickle understood the delicious chief of staff ? 
the sandwich understood the chief of staff ! 
every pickled fine floor understood the president on a pickled chief of staff under every floor ! 
the president in a perplexed pickle wanted the floor . 
every president understood a pickle . 
every pickle ate the pickle ! 
is it true that every president in the perplexed delicious sandwich in the perplexed pickle under every delicious fine pickled chief of staff in every sandwich understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious pickled pickled president wanted the president ? 
the chief of staff in a sandwich with the fine president in the president in a pickle on a pickled pickled floor on a sandwich on a pickled perplexed perplexed president with the chief of staff on every fine fine delicious chief of staff on a pickle understood every president . 
is it true that a floor under the chief of staff in every perplexed perplexed pickled delicious sandwich in the president in the president with every perplexed floor understood the pickled perplexed pickle on every president ? 
the sandwich on a perplexed president understood a delicious floor ! 
the pickle understood a chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled pickle with a president in the floor in the delicious sandwich understood the sandwich ? 
the fine floor wanted a president . 
a perplexed sandwich under the fine delicious delicious fine pickled chief of staff wanted the delicious sandwich on the president . 
is it true that every fine pickle pickled every delicious chief of staff ? 
a fine president under a sandwich kissed every chief of staff on the pickle under the pickled fine fine delicious president . 
every sandwich wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that every perplexed president understood a president ? 
a fine floor in the sandwich with the fine perplexed delicious sandwich in the floor under a president wanted the sandwich ! 
the floor understood the pickled fine floor ! 
the floor kissed the pickled chief of staff under the president in the perplexed delicious floor ! 
the chief of staff in a delicious president in the delicious delicious perplexed president with the sandwich with the sandwich in every pickled chief of staff on the pickled sandwich ate a perplexed delicious president ! 
is it true that every pickle understood every president ? 
is it true that a pickled pickled fine floor kissed a chief of staff ? 
the sandwich kissed the pickled pickle . 
a perplexed pickle wanted a pickle under a pickle with the fine pickle ! 
a chief of staff on the president under the floor understood the sandwich under a delicious president with a pickle . 
the pickle kissed the perplexed pickled delicious fine chief of staff ! 
the delicious pickled floor in the pickled sandwich wanted a floor ! 
the pickled chief of staff understood a chief of staff . 
every pickled sandwich in every floor under the fine president under the fine president under the pickle kissed every perplexed floor under the president with the perplexed delicious floor . 
the chief of staff ate the chief of staff . 
is it true that every fine pickle wanted the chief of staff in the sandwich ? 
a pickle wanted every delicious floor ! 
the delicious delicious pickled pickled pickled fine sandwich in the pickle on the delicious sandwich wanted a president in every pickle in the fine pickle ! 
the floor understood the president in the president with a fine pickled delicious pickle with the fine perplexed pickle under the delicious floor ! 
every fine pickle with every pickle in a fine perplexed pickle on every fine president under a pickle on every pickled delicious sandwich under the perplexed perplexed pickle with the chief of staff under every perplexed pickle on the sandwich in the perplexed president kissed the fine chief of staff under every delicious pickled floor in the pickled pickled sandwich on every president under the sandwich in the president with the perplexed perplexed president under every pickle on a floor in a perplexed pickle ! 
the perplexed fine pickle understood a sandwich . 
a sandwich pickled a perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a pickle with the delicious perplexed sandwich kissed the delicious president on the pickle ? 
every floor ate a sandwich on the sandwich in a sandwich with the perplexed pickle ! 
a sandwich wanted the fine chief of staff under the sandwich in the floor . 
a pickled pickled fine floor ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff kissed a president ? 
a fine pickle kissed the pickle in every perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickle pickled every president . 
a perplexed pickle ate the pickled floor under a chief of staff under a fine chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ! 
the floor understood every chief of staff under the delicious sandwich . 
a chief of staff with a fine delicious fine president ate a fine floor ! 
is it true that every fine floor kissed the pickled president ? 
the perplexed pickle wanted a perplexed president on every floor ! 
the pickle wanted a president ! 
is it true that the fine floor understood a floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff with the fine president ? 
every pickled chief of staff with every fine delicious pickle under a sandwich understood the president in the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed president with every fine chief of staff on the sandwich with every president on the chief of staff with a perplexed pickled floor in the chief of staff with a sandwich with a chief of staff ! 
a pickled floor with a pickle understood the fine pickle with the delicious perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood the fine delicious fine chief of staff under the chief of staff with the fine floor with the pickled perplexed delicious pickled fine sandwich under a fine president ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that the pickled pickle understood a sandwich ? 
every sandwich wanted a chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious delicious pickle with a delicious president on the pickle under a pickled fine floor under every perplexed floor with every floor under every perplexed sandwich in every delicious delicious sandwich with the perplexed floor with a pickle in the pickle with a pickled sandwich under a sandwich under the floor under every president on every fine floor in the pickled fine floor in a pickled president understood the sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious floor in the sandwich with a perplexed pickle in the floor understood a pickle on every fine pickle in every pickle in the delicious pickled pickled perplexed delicious president with the floor under the pickled pickle under a pickle with the president ? 
is it true that a pickle under every delicious fine floor ate the president ? 
a fine pickle with the chief of staff wanted a pickled sandwich ! 
a sandwich understood the pickled chief of staff . 
a sandwich pickled a president . 
a delicious delicious sandwich in every chief of staff kissed a fine fine pickle . 
the chief of staff on the president in a sandwich kissed the floor . 
the pickled chief of staff understood the delicious delicious fine sandwich ! 
the sandwich wanted the pickled president . 
is it true that the president kissed the perplexed perplexed pickled pickle ? 
the sandwich kissed the pickle ! 
every fine perplexed floor ate the president on the sandwich ! 
the floor wanted every chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor wanted a perplexed fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich in every sandwich in the perplexed president with a fine fine pickled floor understood every chief of staff ? 
the pickled pickle ate the floor under a floor ! 
is it true that a floor under every delicious chief of staff understood the delicious sandwich ? 
every perplexed pickled pickle under the pickle wanted every chief of staff . 
a chief of staff ate the president ! 
is it true that every floor wanted a floor ? 
the president understood the perplexed president on the chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled delicious pickle kissed a fine president ? 
a fine perplexed pickled pickled pickled perplexed pickle kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious floor in every floor wanted the fine sandwich under the pickled floor ? 
is it true that a pickled fine floor ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle with every floor under every president in every delicious pickle ate the fine perplexed fine fine chief of staff ? 
every president with the sandwich with a delicious chief of staff understood every pickled president ! 
is it true that a chief of staff ate a president with the delicious delicious president in a fine perplexed pickled perplexed fine delicious delicious fine fine delicious pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickled pickle on the fine chief of staff on every delicious pickle with the president under the pickle under a sandwich in every fine pickled pickle wanted the delicious chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff understood a president in every pickled delicious sandwich . 
every pickle pickled the sandwich ! 
every delicious delicious sandwich ate the floor . 
the chief of staff on a president ate a pickled chief of staff in every president under a fine perplexed sandwich with every sandwich on a floor . 
every sandwich ate the sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood the fine fine sandwich ! 
the delicious perplexed fine floor understood the chief of staff ! 
a perplexed fine sandwich ate a fine chief of staff ! 
the pickle kissed a sandwich on every perplexed delicious chief of staff on a pickled chief of staff under the president ! 
a president kissed a sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle kissed a floor ? 
the floor wanted the fine sandwich ! 
the pickle kissed the pickled delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every president ? 
is it true that a floor on the pickled pickled pickle kissed every delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled president wanted the president ? 
is it true that every pickled sandwich with a fine pickle in a pickled floor understood a perplexed floor in the chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed the president on the delicious pickled chief of staff with the sandwich . 
the president in the pickle on the perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted every perplexed sandwich under the perplexed perplexed sandwich with a floor . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich wanted the president in a perplexed fine fine chief of staff on the president ? 
is it true that a pickled sandwich ate the chief of staff on a chief of staff on the chief of staff on a pickle with the floor in a fine sandwich under a president ? 
is it true that every fine pickled president wanted every sandwich ? 
every fine pickled fine floor under every delicious delicious pickled fine president with the sandwich on a perplexed perplexed sandwich in the president under a sandwich on the sandwich on the sandwich kissed every floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich on a pickled sandwich in the pickle on every pickle on every delicious floor wanted the sandwich ? 
a chief of staff wanted a pickle ! 
every perplexed president under a sandwich under a pickle with the president under the pickle on the fine perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff under every president ! 
the fine perplexed floor with the pickled delicious chief of staff with every floor wanted every pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
a floor kissed a floor . 
a fine perplexed pickle understood the pickled floor on a pickle on the pickled floor in the pickled perplexed perplexed floor ! 
every pickle ate the pickle . 
is it true that a chief of staff with a floor with the fine sandwich with a delicious delicious chief of staff on the perplexed pickled chief of staff with every president in a floor in the fine chief of staff under a pickled sandwich pickled the floor ? 
a delicious pickle understood the floor in the president ! 
is it true that a fine floor wanted the president ? 
a chief of staff in every president with a delicious pickled perplexed president on a pickled fine president on the chief of staff on the pickled pickled floor with the perplexed pickled chief of staff with a pickle on a pickled delicious chief of staff on a pickle in a pickled fine pickled pickle on a fine pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff in a perplexed president on the president in the chief of staff in a pickle under a president with every pickle in every sandwich understood a fine delicious chief of staff in a sandwich under the floor ! 
a sandwich understood the delicious floor on the perplexed pickled sandwich in the fine perplexed president . 
the floor kissed a pickled perplexed fine chief of staff . 
every pickle ate the fine pickled president . 
is it true that every pickle pickled the perplexed pickled sandwich ? 
a pickle under every perplexed sandwich under a delicious perplexed president under every perplexed pickle wanted a sandwich under a pickled floor with a floor under a sandwich . 
a delicious pickle understood the chief of staff . 
the pickled chief of staff in a pickled floor on every delicious pickle under the perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed delicious president wanted the floor . 
a fine chief of staff in a pickled president ate a sandwich on the president under the sandwich ! 
the president wanted the fine pickled pickle under the chief of staff under the fine chief of staff under the perplexed delicious sandwich in every pickled floor . 
the fine pickled fine fine delicious pickled president on the sandwich with a sandwich understood every chief of staff in every perplexed delicious fine president on the pickle in a pickle on the floor under a pickled pickled fine perplexed pickled fine pickle on a sandwich under a president on the delicious pickled floor in a president with the delicious pickled perplexed delicious pickle under the perplexed president with the pickled fine floor on a delicious floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the pickle in every perplexed sandwich under the pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff wanted the fine delicious sandwich ? 
every sandwich kissed the president ! 
is it true that the floor kissed the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich with every fine floor with every president under every president in the pickle with the pickle in every pickle wanted every pickle ? 
a fine pickle understood a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed fine pickled pickle kissed the fine president . 
a pickle in every pickle kissed the chief of staff on the president . 
the perplexed chief of staff pickled the floor under the pickled sandwich with the perplexed delicious president ! 
a pickle wanted a delicious delicious floor ! 
is it true that every sandwich in a chief of staff ate the chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff in the president under a delicious pickled fine pickled pickle ? 
a fine delicious president kissed a delicious pickled pickle in the fine floor . 
a delicious sandwich on a fine perplexed pickled floor in every delicious chief of staff under the pickle wanted the sandwich . 
a perplexed pickled sandwich kissed a pickled pickle . 
the delicious delicious president on the perplexed perplexed delicious pickle kissed the floor . 
is it true that a pickle under every perplexed president on every pickled fine chief of staff with a pickle in the perplexed delicious perplexed president on a sandwich on the perplexed fine pickled pickle under a chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious chief of staff under the pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed every delicious delicious president ? 
the pickle in the chief of staff kissed every perplexed pickled floor ! 
is it true that every delicious perplexed chief of staff ate a pickled president ? 
a delicious perplexed floor kissed every fine floor on the fine pickle . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich with the fine sandwich ate a pickled president ? 
is it true that every floor with the perplexed president ate a delicious pickle with a sandwich ? 
a president ate the delicious delicious pickle on a pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the floor ? 
the floor understood a fine pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted the president ? 
every floor wanted the pickled president ! 
is it true that a pickled floor kissed every delicious chief of staff ? 
every floor with the pickle understood a floor . 
a pickled perplexed chief of staff in a perplexed fine chief of staff understood the perplexed floor on a pickled floor ! 
a sandwich understood the president . 
the president in a sandwich kissed a pickled floor in the perplexed president . 
a pickle in a pickled president ate every pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle with the pickled chief of staff ate a delicious pickle on the pickle with every floor on the president in the floor in a pickled delicious pickle on the perplexed fine pickle in a president in the pickle ? 
the delicious pickle kissed every pickle on the pickled pickle under the chief of staff on the fine floor ! 
the perplexed chief of staff ate the fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled pickled perplexed floor ate the president ? 
every pickle wanted a president ! 
a floor in the fine delicious fine president on the sandwich on the fine president wanted the floor on the sandwich . 
every perplexed pickled delicious perplexed pickle wanted the sandwich . 
is it true that a floor in the sandwich wanted the fine delicious perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine president ate a chief of staff under the chief of staff ? 
a pickled president wanted every president ! 
the delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff understood the floor . 
a pickle kissed the delicious floor with a chief of staff ! 
the delicious president under the chief of staff with every delicious delicious fine pickled sandwich under a perplexed perplexed fine floor under every floor with every pickle on the delicious floor with a president under the president in a chief of staff in a sandwich in every pickled pickle in the pickle with the delicious pickle with the president on the pickle in a pickled perplexed president on a delicious fine sandwich in every delicious chief of staff with every floor with the perplexed perplexed fine floor with a sandwich on the perplexed pickled perplexed pickle wanted a sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled president ate the fine chief of staff ? 
the delicious perplexed sandwich with the pickle in a pickle with the president wanted every chief of staff with the perplexed fine sandwich . 
a president with a president in the chief of staff under every sandwich under the delicious perplexed pickled pickle with the pickle with a president on every floor in the pickle under the floor with the fine pickle with a delicious president with a pickle with every pickled pickled floor in a delicious chief of staff with the delicious president under every pickle under the delicious fine floor with a pickle with the floor with the floor with a sandwich with every delicious sandwich on a fine president on every perplexed floor on the delicious perplexed president understood the chief of staff . 
the perplexed fine floor wanted the pickled chief of staff ! 
the delicious pickled perplexed pickle with the perplexed sandwich with the sandwich in the pickle under a pickled floor on a chief of staff under a president in every perplexed president in a pickle in a delicious pickle with the sandwich wanted the president with a chief of staff on the fine fine delicious perplexed president in the pickle on the floor ! 
is it true that every delicious president kissed the president under the pickle on the perplexed fine pickled perplexed pickled pickle on a floor ? 
the perplexed floor in a floor with the perplexed chief of staff in the pickle on the pickle on the pickle under a perplexed sandwich kissed every president ! 
the president on the chief of staff kissed the pickle in the delicious perplexed chief of staff on the delicious delicious pickle in a floor in the fine pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle understood a sandwich ? 
every floor ate the pickle . 
is it true that the pickled delicious fine pickle on a delicious pickle wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed president kissed the delicious fine pickled fine president ? 
a delicious pickled floor wanted the president on a fine pickle with the chief of staff in a perplexed chief of staff with a floor on every fine perplexed pickle under the delicious sandwich under the fine sandwich on the pickled president ! 
is it true that the president on the president in a sandwich under a fine pickle kissed the pickled fine pickle ? 
the pickle with the fine floor kissed the sandwich on the pickle with a pickled sandwich under a pickle with every sandwich with the fine president ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed the pickled sandwich on a delicious chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff pickled a pickle on the president . 
every delicious fine chief of staff kissed a delicious president ! 
a president on a chief of staff in the chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich under a pickled delicious delicious sandwich under the delicious sandwich on every delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff in a pickled president in a chief of staff under the sandwich under every president under the pickled pickle on the floor with the perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious perplexed fine fine president under the floor wanted a pickle under a perplexed fine pickle with the delicious delicious perplexed delicious sandwich ? 
the fine perplexed perplexed pickle kissed the fine perplexed president ! 
the delicious pickle wanted the fine sandwich ! 
a perplexed pickle understood every floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich pickled the sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich in a president ate the fine floor ? 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ! 
a fine president ate the perplexed pickle on the pickle with a sandwich in the perplexed pickle ! 
a fine chief of staff ate the fine fine pickle in the floor on every president with the chief of staff on a president ! 
is it true that every pickle ate the delicious sandwich ? 
a delicious sandwich kissed every floor in every floor . 
is it true that the sandwich understood the sandwich under the floor with the perplexed floor in the floor on a floor under a fine president with a president under a delicious chief of staff in a floor under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every fine sandwich understood the fine sandwich ? 
the president wanted a president . 
every delicious perplexed president with a delicious president kissed the president with the chief of staff in a perplexed pickle ! 
every perplexed delicious president wanted the chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted a delicious pickled pickled floor . 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed president . 
a delicious pickled pickle wanted a delicious perplexed perplexed president in a president on a president on the floor on every floor on the president on the fine chief of staff . 
a floor kissed a delicious pickled pickled perplexed perplexed president in every sandwich with the delicious floor . 
is it true that the floor on the perplexed sandwich wanted the pickled perplexed floor ? 
the perplexed president with the president under every pickled pickle in the delicious floor kissed the fine sandwich with a president . 
the pickle with the sandwich wanted every sandwich . 
every president with the chief of staff with a perplexed chief of staff in a delicious chief of staff on every floor with a sandwich understood a fine delicious president . 
the pickled chief of staff wanted a delicious perplexed floor . 
a perplexed pickle understood a president . 
is it true that the pickled president kissed a perplexed pickle ? 
the floor kissed every fine fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine chief of staff wanted every delicious floor ? 
the pickled president with every pickle understood every pickled perplexed floor under every delicious delicious sandwich . 
the delicious president under a pickle understood a pickle . 
the pickled perplexed fine floor kissed the floor . 
the president ate every pickled pickle in a perplexed delicious chief of staff on a floor . 
the president ate a sandwich ! 
the floor ate the pickled floor under every pickled pickle . 
a delicious pickle with the delicious fine pickled pickled perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff on the fine president on every fine pickle pickled the fine pickle . 
the floor on a floor in the president understood every sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich under a sandwich kissed the president with a pickle ? 
a sandwich understood the floor ! 
a president understood the pickled president ! 
a pickle kissed the pickle . 
the president kissed every floor ! 
every president ate a perplexed president . 
the chief of staff understood the perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff in the chief of staff under a sandwich in every pickle . 
a floor with the sandwich wanted every floor . 
is it true that the pickle in the pickled floor wanted every pickle ? 
the chief of staff in every perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted a pickled pickled floor ! 
the delicious floor under the sandwich with the pickle with a pickle with the fine delicious sandwich on the delicious pickled delicious perplexed pickled president kissed the president ! 
a floor in the pickle ate the president ! 
a perplexed pickle wanted a perplexed president . 
a fine sandwich kissed the pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
a president under the fine floor on a president on the floor wanted every fine president . 
the sandwich wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that the delicious fine floor understood a sandwich in a perplexed floor ? 
a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
the president on the fine pickle ate a sandwich ! 
the pickled sandwich ate the delicious pickled pickle ! 
the floor in a pickled pickle understood every pickled perplexed fine delicious president ! 
is it true that the pickle in the pickle wanted the chief of staff with a floor with a sandwich on the fine fine chief of staff in every perplexed floor ? 
is it true that every sandwich kissed a fine delicious delicious delicious pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that a delicious fine floor in the delicious floor on the pickled pickle in every fine delicious sandwich understood a pickled president ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich wanted the delicious chief of staff ? 
a delicious fine sandwich kissed the perplexed president under the perplexed pickled president on the floor . 
the pickled delicious perplexed pickle wanted every sandwich . 
a pickle on the pickle under the perplexed sandwich under every delicious pickled perplexed delicious fine delicious floor on a pickled fine chief of staff with a chief of staff in a president under a pickle on the floor under the pickle on every pickled chief of staff on a floor under a perplexed president with every chief of staff under every chief of staff understood the chief of staff . 
every pickled fine president kissed the floor in the fine chief of staff on the president on the president in a perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the president understood a president under every perplexed president in a fine chief of staff ! 
the president understood the delicious pickled pickle on every delicious pickled chief of staff in every delicious fine chief of staff ! 
a sandwich understood the sandwich on the perplexed floor in the sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
the pickle on a delicious president on a pickle understood every chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickle wanted the president with a floor on a chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff ate every sandwich with a fine perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the sandwich ? 
is it true that the fine floor ate the sandwich under the president in a pickle ? 
a chief of staff in the perplexed president with the floor on a president wanted the pickled perplexed fine sandwich in every fine delicious pickled perplexed pickled perplexed fine delicious perplexed perplexed pickle under a delicious delicious chief of staff . 
the pickle wanted a pickled pickle . 
the pickle on the floor understood the fine president on the pickled perplexed pickled pickled floor in a perplexed sandwich in a floor with the delicious president ! 
the pickle wanted the fine perplexed pickled chief of staff . 
every sandwich understood a floor . 
the floor under the pickled delicious chief of staff with a fine sandwich with a delicious pickle kissed the pickled fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the perplexed president ? 
the pickle in the pickle in the floor ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the pickled delicious delicious floor ? 
the perplexed fine chief of staff wanted a delicious delicious pickled delicious president . 
is it true that a sandwich in the fine sandwich wanted the fine fine chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff wanted a floor with a fine sandwich on a pickled chief of staff with the president on the chief of staff with the delicious delicious president on every perplexed pickle under a fine delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle on the floor on a chief of staff with the fine perplexed perplexed fine perplexed delicious president on a pickled perplexed pickled sandwich under the perplexed pickle under the chief of staff under a fine pickle . 
a sandwich on the pickled delicious chief of staff ate every pickle . 
the president understood every delicious pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich . 
the sandwich with the pickle on the perplexed pickle on every chief of staff on a chief of staff on the fine president with the pickle with every perplexed delicious president in the delicious perplexed fine sandwich on a chief of staff on every president under the floor on a president under the sandwich with the perplexed sandwich on the pickled floor with a pickle in a pickle wanted a delicious chief of staff in a pickled chief of staff on the president in a delicious sandwich on the floor under the pickle . 
is it true that a floor in a fine delicious fine pickle wanted every president ? 
the president understood a pickle ! 
a pickled pickled pickle in a perplexed chief of staff with a pickle pickled a sandwich . 
the perplexed president understood a floor ! 
every fine sandwich kissed every fine pickle . 
the delicious pickle on a sandwich ate the sandwich ! 
every chief of staff ate the president . 
the sandwich kissed a pickled chief of staff . 
a fine president ate the pickle in a sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle wanted the pickled floor under a sandwich ? 
the pickled floor ate the sandwich ! 
a sandwich on a perplexed delicious delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff with the floor pickled a floor ! 
the president in the sandwich with the sandwich in a pickled president kissed a delicious floor with the pickle under a perplexed sandwich in a pickle ! 
every floor wanted the pickle under the chief of staff on a president in the pickle in a delicious perplexed pickled fine chief of staff with the pickled sandwich under the sandwich on every perplexed pickled pickled fine fine floor with every pickled fine sandwich on a sandwich in every pickle . 
a delicious president understood the president . 
is it true that the sandwich ate the sandwich with the delicious fine floor ? 
is it true that the president in a president wanted the sandwich ? 
every perplexed sandwich on the sandwich in the perplexed president in a sandwich with a chief of staff on the floor understood a pickle . 
is it true that the pickle on the floor ate the president on the president ? 
a fine chief of staff under every floor in every chief of staff with the delicious president ate the fine fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle in the sandwich with a sandwich under the sandwich wanted a sandwich on the fine floor ? 
a fine president kissed a sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a sandwich in a chief of staff in a perplexed chief of staff with a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle on a perplexed sandwich on the president in the pickled floor ? 
is it true that a floor kissed a perplexed president ? 
is it true that the delicious perplexed delicious president kissed the fine pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious president under the delicious floor under the pickle understood the chief of staff under the perplexed president on a pickle ? 
a sandwich understood the pickle ! 
the president ate a delicious fine pickle ! 
the pickled floor understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious pickled chief of staff kissed a perplexed delicious perplexed delicious sandwich ? 
the floor on the floor in the chief of staff in the sandwich in the pickle under the fine fine delicious president with a pickle kissed a pickled president . 
every floor ate the president ! 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff understood the sandwich in every pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff in a delicious president with every chief of staff on the pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the pickle on a floor with a chief of staff ? 
the floor understood the chief of staff ! 
every sandwich on every sandwich in the pickled sandwich under the delicious pickle in the fine pickle under the president kissed every chief of staff in a chief of staff with every pickle under a perplexed floor with a fine sandwich ! 
is it true that every floor wanted a pickle ? 
the sandwich wanted the president ! 
is it true that a perplexed floor in the sandwich understood the fine delicious chief of staff ? 
a fine pickle kissed the fine chief of staff ! 
the president wanted every pickled pickled floor . 
is it true that every perplexed pickled fine fine fine sandwich in a sandwich ate every floor under a fine pickled sandwich on the pickle with every president on the pickle on the pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich ate a fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff on the floor in the pickled perplexed pickled floor on the chief of staff under every president with a chief of staff under a pickle under the perplexed sandwich ? 
is it true that every president understood the pickle in a sandwich in a pickled president in the perplexed pickled president ? 
the pickled delicious pickled chief of staff wanted the floor . 
the delicious sandwich under the perplexed pickled delicious floor with the fine fine perplexed pickled fine pickled pickled fine chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed floor understood the chief of staff on the delicious perplexed president with the pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff on a delicious pickle . 
the perplexed pickle kissed the sandwich ! 
the sandwich kissed the pickled floor . 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff understood a pickle ? 
a chief of staff ate the pickle . 
a pickled perplexed fine sandwich kissed a floor ! 
the pickle wanted a pickled sandwich on the pickled pickled floor with a fine chief of staff with the floor on every pickled fine delicious perplexed delicious floor under a pickle with every floor . 
is it true that a president wanted every fine perplexed sandwich with a fine perplexed president ? 
the chief of staff ate a fine pickle . 
a pickled delicious floor ate the sandwich ! 
every perplexed president wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that the fine president understood the pickle in the chief of staff ? 
the fine chief of staff kissed the perplexed president . 
is it true that a delicious fine delicious fine pickle on a floor under the chief of staff under a pickle ate every fine fine floor under a fine delicious perplexed sandwich in the floor ? 
every president under every pickle in a fine floor kissed every sandwich in the president on a pickled sandwich in every pickled president . 
a delicious floor in the pickled perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich ate a perplexed pickle . 
is it true that every floor ate a floor ? 
is it true that the president ate the fine pickle ? 
every president on every perplexed pickled delicious delicious floor in a pickled president under the fine fine pickled sandwich in the pickle with the president ate the delicious pickled pickled perplexed pickle ! 
a chief of staff wanted the pickle ! 
the pickled pickled pickle under the delicious delicious sandwich under every chief of staff kissed a floor in the fine perplexed pickle under the fine floor . 
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff understood the floor on the pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich under the fine chief of staff in every pickle with the pickle wanted a pickled perplexed floor ? 
the fine sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle . 
is it true that the delicious fine president ate a perplexed sandwich ? 
a president understood the perplexed floor ! 
a sandwich understood a pickled perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
a delicious chief of staff in every fine president ate a perplexed pickled pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
a sandwich wanted the fine fine perplexed pickle under the pickle ! 
the pickle in a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that every sandwich under a pickled president under the fine delicious fine pickle with the perplexed president ate the fine president ? 
a floor under every floor wanted a perplexed sandwich ! 
the perplexed delicious pickle wanted the fine president . 
the delicious delicious fine chief of staff pickled the delicious delicious president on the floor with the perplexed perplexed delicious delicious pickle . 
a perplexed floor pickled every floor . 
the pickled pickle in the fine president with a sandwich kissed a fine floor ! 
is it true that every floor ate a perplexed sandwich under the pickled pickle with the sandwich ? 
a fine sandwich in the president kissed every pickle on a pickle . 
the sandwich in the president on the president understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor in every fine floor under a pickled chief of staff with the sandwich pickled the sandwich ? 
the pickle ate every perplexed president under the sandwich . 
is it true that a pickled perplexed president ate the pickle ? 
a perplexed sandwich kissed every chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? 
a pickled perplexed chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
a president understood a pickled fine chief of staff with a delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
a delicious pickled delicious fine perplexed president kissed a chief of staff . 
a chief of staff on a delicious fine sandwich ate the sandwich with every fine president in the perplexed fine pickled president . 
a president under the chief of staff kissed a sandwich ! 
a floor wanted a pickled fine perplexed pickle ! 
the fine floor understood the floor . 
a pickle wanted a delicious pickled president on every pickle ! 
is it true that a pickle kissed a chief of staff with a president on a pickled floor on the floor in a pickled floor in the perplexed fine president with every sandwich ? 
the sandwich kissed the pickled fine floor . 
a sandwich kissed every fine delicious delicious floor ! 
a delicious chief of staff in the floor kissed the sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor with a floor in every perplexed fine pickled pickle with the perplexed chief of staff on a delicious perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich in every floor in a delicious fine pickled pickled fine floor wanted every fine sandwich under the fine president under a delicious delicious delicious sandwich on a floor under the delicious perplexed delicious delicious floor on a president under the delicious delicious floor under the perplexed floor under the chief of staff with the pickle with the perplexed president in the floor ? 
every perplexed sandwich kissed a floor . 
a pickle pickled a fine perplexed pickle . 
the fine pickle under the chief of staff under the floor ate the pickled pickled pickle with the delicious pickled chief of staff ! 
a pickled delicious delicious pickle in every perplexed president under the perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed pickled sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff in the floor . 
the floor understood the perplexed sandwich . 
a chief of staff ate every pickled president ! 
a delicious sandwich kissed the floor in a floor ! 
a chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
a fine pickled president understood the pickle . 
the chief of staff pickled the pickle on the delicious pickled floor under the delicious pickled sandwich in a president ! 
is it true that every delicious perplexed sandwich on the president with every perplexed delicious pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff under the floor pickled the chief of staff ? 
a fine delicious president with a perplexed president under the chief of staff understood the president under a sandwich under the pickle . 
a chief of staff kissed every fine delicious delicious perplexed sandwich on a perplexed fine delicious pickle ! 
every sandwich wanted a floor under the fine floor ! 
a pickled president kissed a perplexed pickled chief of staff in the perplexed president ! 
a pickled fine pickled fine pickled sandwich wanted the perplexed sandwich . 
a pickle in a president kissed every fine chief of staff . 
is it true that every perplexed floor in the president with a pickle on every perplexed perplexed sandwich on a perplexed sandwich understood a perplexed chief of staff under a perplexed president ? 
a president under a floor kissed a floor ! 
a perplexed chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed fine president in the chief of staff on the delicious perplexed pickle ate a perplexed perplexed pickled pickled perplexed pickle ! 
the perplexed pickled chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
the floor in the fine delicious president with the fine perplexed delicious fine chief of staff in the perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted every pickle ! 
a sandwich understood the delicious pickle ! 
the delicious sandwich wanted a delicious chief of staff with a fine pickled perplexed perplexed president . 
is it true that the pickled sandwich ate the perplexed pickled floor ? 
the sandwich under a president with the president under every pickled pickled pickle in the chief of staff with the delicious delicious delicious president in the pickled sandwich pickled a floor ! 
every pickle under the fine pickle in the chief of staff under the floor under the perplexed perplexed fine president ate the chief of staff . 
a sandwich ate a pickle ! 
the pickle on a fine delicious perplexed floor ate every delicious fine president ! 
is it true that the president ate a sandwich ? 
a pickled fine pickled floor kissed the floor in the president . 
is it true that a floor under the delicious perplexed floor with a perplexed pickled perplexed fine chief of staff on a sandwich under the fine chief of staff kissed a pickled sandwich ? 
the sandwich understood the delicious fine perplexed president ! 
the pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed pickle on the floor under every pickle . 
is it true that the president ate a president ? 
the pickled floor wanted the president on every pickle ! 
is it true that the delicious floor ate the pickled president under the delicious pickle under a chief of staff ? 
a delicious pickle wanted the pickle ! 
a chief of staff ate a chief of staff ! 
the sandwich ate every pickle ! 
the president ate the perplexed fine pickle . 
a president wanted every perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine sandwich in a sandwich pickled a chief of staff under the chief of staff with the pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle understood the pickle ? 
every sandwich kissed the floor in a sandwich ! 
is it true that a delicious pickled perplexed president wanted the pickle ? 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted a president on a floor under a floor on the floor ! 
every president ate the pickle . 
the sandwich ate the pickled floor under a floor in the perplexed pickled delicious sandwich ! 
the floor ate the floor . 
a fine delicious chief of staff on the president wanted the pickled delicious sandwich . 
is it true that every pickled perplexed fine sandwich wanted the chief of staff with a pickle with the delicious chief of staff under the president ? 
every delicious delicious delicious pickle kissed a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the fine chief of staff on a pickled president with the perplexed fine delicious perplexed fine pickle on the fine chief of staff with the pickle under the pickled president with a perplexed chief of staff under a delicious pickled perplexed pickle with a delicious pickled chief of staff in the sandwich with the sandwich understood a delicious fine pickled floor ? 
the president understood the sandwich ! 
a sandwich understood every perplexed pickled floor . 
a perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff ate the floor ? 
a pickle in the president in the floor on every perplexed delicious sandwich with the pickled perplexed pickle with a floor under the president on a president kissed every pickle on the floor with every fine president in every fine sandwich in a perplexed chief of staff ! 
the floor understood every sandwich ! 
a president understood a floor on the president . 
a pickled fine pickled chief of staff ate the fine pickled perplexed pickled perplexed fine floor under a fine sandwich . 
every pickled president pickled the pickle . 
the pickled delicious president on a sandwich under the fine chief of staff ate the perplexed perplexed pickle ! 
the floor understood a sandwich ! 
every perplexed president understood a pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle on the delicious president under the sandwich in the floor on the perplexed sandwich in every delicious pickled perplexed floor pickled the president ? 
the sandwich understood a chief of staff . 
every pickled floor kissed the pickle under a chief of staff on every president with a sandwich on the fine sandwich on the fine pickled delicious delicious chief of staff ! 
every sandwich kissed a floor on a fine president . 
the delicious floor with the floor understood the chief of staff . 
a delicious fine pickled fine perplexed president under a delicious pickled president wanted a chief of staff . 
the pickle under a pickle pickled a president ! 
the perplexed floor ate every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor understood the president with the president on a fine delicious perplexed president under the floor with the pickle in the floor under every chief of staff under the pickle in every pickled sandwich in a pickled sandwich with the pickled chief of staff in every pickle ? 
every president in the president kissed a fine floor under a floor ! 
the sandwich ate the perplexed pickled fine floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff with the chief of staff understood the chief of staff with every sandwich ? 
the delicious sandwich ate a sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich pickled a fine delicious delicious perplexed president ? 
the sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! 
every fine chief of staff kissed a floor ! 
a president understood a chief of staff in the perplexed perplexed fine fine delicious pickled pickled pickle under the floor . 
a floor wanted a pickled perplexed fine fine pickle on a pickle . 
the fine perplexed president in the floor with every floor on a pickle under every pickle with the floor understood a floor ! 
the chief of staff ate the pickle . 
a pickle ate a pickle ! 
a fine president kissed a pickled fine chief of staff . 
is it true that a president in a fine delicious pickled delicious fine pickle on the sandwich wanted every sandwich ? 
the pickled sandwich ate a delicious president . 
is it true that the perplexed delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted a pickle with the pickle ? 
is it true that every sandwich kissed a pickled fine delicious pickled floor ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff in a pickle on every president wanted the pickled president ? 
every floor wanted the chief of staff . 
the sandwich understood the pickle on a floor on every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle under the pickled pickled pickled floor with a fine delicious delicious president understood every sandwich ? 
every president on the delicious pickled pickled delicious pickled fine floor with a sandwich on a fine perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed a floor with a pickle in the fine floor . 
is it true that the president on every sandwich understood a floor on a president under the fine floor under the floor on the sandwich with the president in the fine president under a pickle with the chief of staff under a chief of staff on the president on the sandwich under the pickle under the pickle in the floor in a perplexed fine delicious pickled chief of staff in the delicious pickled pickle on the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff ? 
the pickle with every president kissed the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the delicious floor under the floor in a delicious fine chief of staff under the pickled fine delicious pickled delicious chief of staff in every delicious pickled delicious pickle in the floor on a perplexed delicious pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff with every floor on the floor on a pickled pickle under every pickled chief of staff in the fine pickle under a pickle under the pickle in the president under the floor under every sandwich with a pickle in a chief of staff under a pickle ? 
the perplexed president understood the fine pickled pickle . 
is it true that the president understood a floor ? 
the pickle kissed a perplexed delicious fine floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich kissed the pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed every pickle ? 
the perplexed pickle in a sandwich wanted a perplexed floor with the delicious president under the president in a floor under the pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every pickled pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickle on the chief of staff in every perplexed floor ate the pickled sandwich ? 
the sandwich kissed every pickle in a delicious sandwich under a fine floor with every perplexed president . 
is it true that every pickled pickled fine president on the perplexed pickled delicious pickled president under the pickled pickled president kissed every pickle with the delicious president on the fine president on the delicious president on a sandwich in a president on every sandwich with the fine perplexed pickle with the delicious fine pickled delicious floor under the floor ? 
is it true that the floor wanted the sandwich on a floor ? 
a chief of staff in a fine president under every chief of staff with a fine delicious pickle understood a pickle under the pickle ! 
a floor understood the floor ! 
the pickled fine perplexed chief of staff ate the floor in the chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickled chief of staff kissed a perplexed perplexed delicious president in a chief of staff on every pickled chief of staff under the perplexed delicious delicious delicious fine delicious fine fine perplexed chief of staff on the pickle with the fine president in the delicious sandwich with a fine president with a president in a pickled chief of staff on every perplexed pickled chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff in a sandwich on the delicious pickle with a delicious delicious pickled pickle ? 
the delicious perplexed chief of staff ate the president . 
every perplexed pickle under the perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff ate the pickled delicious president on the perplexed fine pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed pickle kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that the fine chief of staff understood the chief of staff ? 
a pickle understood the president . 
a delicious delicious president with the pickled sandwich with every sandwich under the pickle in the president kissed a delicious chief of staff under the perplexed president on the floor . 
every president ate the fine floor ! 
the chief of staff understood the floor . 
is it true that a president pickled every pickle on every delicious delicious fine delicious chief of staff under a pickled sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff under a pickled floor understood every sandwich ! 
every president in a delicious delicious chief of staff ate a chief of staff under a delicious perplexed delicious pickled president . 
every delicious president wanted the delicious sandwich with every fine president ! 
is it true that the perplexed fine floor understood every floor on the chief of staff under the chief of staff ? 
the perplexed pickled delicious delicious president kissed the fine sandwich in the pickled delicious sandwich ! 
the fine floor wanted every delicious fine president ! 
is it true that the pickle ate the floor under a perplexed chief of staff ? 
the pickled fine floor under the perplexed floor on the pickled pickled president under the fine fine delicious floor under every perplexed chief of staff in the president in a fine sandwich on the pickled floor kissed the perplexed perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich wanted the president on every fine perplexed president ? 
a president wanted a delicious floor ! 
every chief of staff under the delicious perplexed floor understood the pickled pickle . 
is it true that every president ate the pickled pickled fine pickled president ? 
the pickled perplexed pickled fine chief of staff wanted the delicious president . 
is it true that every chief of staff understood the pickled delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed fine pickle ? 
is it true that the delicious fine sandwich on every delicious president wanted every sandwich ? 
a floor wanted the sandwich on the chief of staff . 
the floor with a perplexed sandwich in the fine pickle ate a president ! 
every delicious sandwich wanted the delicious fine floor with the pickle ! 
the delicious chief of staff on a fine fine perplexed perplexed president under the fine chief of staff under a pickle under the pickle on the pickled pickle in every chief of staff in the delicious pickle under a president with every sandwich on every floor under the pickle in a fine president on every fine pickle under the pickle in a president pickled the sandwich . 
is it true that the floor kissed the perplexed president under a delicious floor with a fine fine floor ? 
a chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich ate the fine pickled chief of staff . 
the chief of staff ate the delicious sandwich in a delicious fine president . 
the delicious sandwich wanted a delicious perplexed perplexed president . 
every chief of staff under a delicious sandwich understood the president in the fine chief of staff with the fine sandwich under a chief of staff with every delicious perplexed delicious pickle . 
is it true that the sandwich on a fine perplexed floor on the pickled delicious pickle with the sandwich with every pickle wanted the chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff understood the president under every president under the fine sandwich in the president in the chief of staff on a floor ! 
every fine president kissed a perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that every fine president ate the sandwich ? 
a fine delicious fine pickled pickled sandwich kissed every perplexed pickle ! 
every pickled sandwich on every chief of staff in a delicious floor on a perplexed floor in the floor in every president with the pickled chief of staff on every floor on the sandwich under a pickle on a chief of staff wanted every delicious perplexed sandwich on the perplexed pickle with the floor ! 
the floor ate the delicious perplexed delicious fine pickle on a president . 
the pickle understood the chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the chief of staff ? 
the pickled pickle under the sandwich ate a pickled pickled floor in a perplexed pickled president with every pickle with the perplexed pickle on the pickled perplexed pickle under a pickle on the pickled pickled pickle on the chief of staff in the perplexed pickled fine perplexed pickle . 
every pickled floor wanted a perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickle kissed a sandwich on the fine floor ? 
the floor understood every sandwich . 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed the perplexed floor ? 
a delicious fine chief of staff in a pickle kissed a floor ! 
every delicious perplexed president ate a pickle ! 
is it true that the pickled perplexed fine floor under a floor with the perplexed pickled floor under the perplexed president under a fine floor on the pickle in a floor under a president in the sandwich with a president kissed the perplexed delicious delicious delicious president ? 
is it true that the pickle ate a fine pickle ? 
the pickled president wanted a floor ! 
every perplexed pickle understood a pickle . 
every chief of staff on the delicious delicious delicious fine president in the pickle under the pickle on the fine floor on a pickle under a floor in a chief of staff with every delicious delicious delicious sandwich on the floor with the sandwich in the sandwich with the pickle pickled the delicious pickle . 
is it true that the delicious perplexed sandwich with the floor pickled the president ? 
a pickled president ate the president . 
every delicious floor understood a delicious perplexed delicious sandwich on a delicious delicious perplexed pickle on a sandwich on the president under the pickled sandwich . 
a delicious pickled perplexed sandwich in a floor with a chief of staff in the pickle in the floor on a president under the delicious pickle kissed every fine pickled floor in a pickle on a floor ! 
is it true that a fine fine sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
a chief of staff ate a chief of staff on every pickle . 
the delicious perplexed pickle kissed the pickled president ! 
the chief of staff in the chief of staff with a chief of staff under every sandwich in the president on the perplexed president with a chief of staff on the pickled president wanted a sandwich with a pickled fine delicious pickle ! 
every pickle ate the delicious fine delicious fine pickled pickled floor on a perplexed president ! 
the chief of staff kissed the pickled pickled pickled pickled president under the pickle under every pickled floor ! 
the president on the perplexed floor under the delicious delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff ! 
the fine fine pickle on a sandwich with every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
the fine perplexed president under every pickle wanted the fine fine fine president on the fine sandwich ! 
a delicious perplexed pickle in the pickled pickle with the delicious delicious floor ate the delicious floor under the perplexed president with a perplexed president ! 
is it true that the president on a fine fine fine chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickled floor ? 
is it true that the perplexed delicious pickled pickled fine pickled pickled president under the president in the perplexed pickled sandwich kissed the delicious chief of staff ? 
every floor kissed the pickled pickle . 
is it true that a floor ate a floor with every pickled president ? 
the pickle wanted the chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich in the pickled sandwich in a pickled floor ! 
a pickle ate a pickled pickled sandwich . 
the pickled delicious fine delicious floor wanted the perplexed perplexed fine delicious president in a pickle on a delicious floor ! 
every president on the delicious sandwich wanted the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious perplexed chief of staff under every chief of staff understood the floor ? 
the sandwich wanted the floor ! 
a perplexed pickle kissed every floor under the perplexed president . 
the floor understood the president . 
a sandwich kissed a fine president ! 
the delicious sandwich kissed every pickled president . 
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed sandwich ? 
the chief of staff with the chief of staff with every sandwich with the fine pickle ate the sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed floor ate the pickle on a fine pickled perplexed perplexed president ? 
every chief of staff pickled the chief of staff ! 
every president understood the pickled delicious floor ! 
a delicious pickle on a fine fine floor under every pickled pickle on a sandwich understood the floor . 
the pickle in a pickled fine pickled floor with every perplexed sandwich understood every fine perplexed chief of staff in a chief of staff on a sandwich with a president . 
is it true that a fine chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that the president ate every president with the perplexed delicious pickled pickle ? 
a delicious sandwich in a pickled fine fine chief of staff with a sandwich with the floor understood the fine pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich ate a delicious perplexed perplexed floor ? 
the perplexed president under the floor kissed the fine president . 
is it true that a president on the fine president with a delicious perplexed floor kissed the floor on the floor ? 
a pickle kissed the pickle . 
is it true that the sandwich understood a pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the chief of staff with a chief of staff with the delicious pickled pickle with a chief of staff under a fine delicious president with every pickled perplexed sandwich with a chief of staff in the sandwich on a floor on a fine pickle with every president ? 
is it true that the fine president under the floor with the delicious pickle wanted a fine pickle ? 
the floor under a sandwich understood a delicious pickled pickled delicious sandwich . 
the pickle understood the floor ! 
is it true that every delicious fine chief of staff ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that the floor understood the sandwich ? 
a fine sandwich wanted the chief of staff . 
the sandwich under the perplexed perplexed sandwich under the fine pickled pickle in the floor under every floor ate a perplexed pickled floor ! 
is it true that every sandwich kissed the chief of staff with the pickle ? 
every sandwich under a floor on every sandwich wanted the fine floor . 
is it true that the delicious president ate a pickle in every pickled perplexed chief of staff with a fine sandwich in the pickled sandwich ? 
the fine delicious chief of staff kissed a delicious president in a chief of staff on a president in every fine pickle on the perplexed sandwich under a chief of staff . 
a chief of staff with the perplexed sandwich in a pickled fine chief of staff under the pickle kissed the president on the chief of staff on a chief of staff on the delicious pickle under the president on the pickle under a chief of staff in the sandwich in a fine perplexed floor with the floor in a pickled chief of staff on the perplexed president with every floor with a floor in the chief of staff on a floor with the pickled delicious chief of staff with a pickle under every fine president in the pickled sandwich with the chief of staff with the president on the floor with a floor under the delicious sandwich under a delicious floor in every chief of staff under every perplexed floor under a perplexed sandwich under the delicious floor . 
the chief of staff ate the pickled pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff under the floor with the sandwich under the president . 
every delicious chief of staff in the sandwich pickled the perplexed fine delicious pickled pickle in the pickled sandwich in the delicious chief of staff under the president with a delicious pickled perplexed floor . 
the fine pickled perplexed pickled pickled delicious floor with the pickle understood every chief of staff . 
the fine president wanted a president in the perplexed perplexed pickle under the pickle under the pickle in the delicious pickle . 
a sandwich ate every pickle ! 
the president in the perplexed perplexed fine sandwich ate a floor . 
a delicious floor wanted a pickled pickle . 
the pickled delicious president kissed a pickled delicious floor ! 
every sandwich on every sandwich wanted a sandwich under every sandwich under the sandwich under the perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich in a delicious perplexed pickled pickled president with a pickle ! 
is it true that every floor ate the chief of staff with the pickled perplexed chief of staff with the sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled perplexed president ate a pickle with the perplexed floor on every pickled chief of staff with a floor ? 
every chief of staff pickled a pickle . 
the floor understood the president . 
a president kissed the floor ! 
the president wanted the sandwich ! 
a perplexed chief of staff on the perplexed pickled fine fine floor in every delicious sandwich under a perplexed fine president pickled a floor . 
is it true that the floor pickled the pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff ate every president ? 
a delicious president kissed a floor ! 
the sandwich kissed the president . 
every sandwich on the pickle kissed a perplexed fine floor under a fine delicious chief of staff . 
a president understood a floor ! 
the president wanted the sandwich under the delicious sandwich on a floor under every chief of staff with every delicious perplexed fine floor with the president . 
is it true that a pickled floor kissed the delicious pickle ? 
the fine chief of staff on the fine pickle on the delicious president in the delicious fine president on the delicious sandwich under the president on every fine pickle on a sandwich on the perplexed perplexed fine delicious chief of staff under the sandwich on every perplexed chief of staff in the delicious pickle with a president ate the delicious delicious fine perplexed fine sandwich on a pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood the pickled fine sandwich ? 
the delicious chief of staff on the pickled fine pickle understood the pickle in a delicious pickled perplexed fine perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that a pickled pickle understood a president ? 
the pickle ate a perplexed sandwich with a delicious perplexed perplexed pickled delicious delicious chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted the pickled floor ! 
a president on the pickled floor understood a delicious floor with the floor in the pickled pickle . 
the pickle kissed the fine perplexed pickled president ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the delicious sandwich ? 
the floor pickled the pickle on the pickle . 
is it true that the delicious floor ate a sandwich ? 
the pickle ate a pickle ! 
the delicious sandwich ate the delicious fine fine delicious delicious floor in a floor under every delicious delicious president under the floor ! 
every president kissed every fine president in the delicious sandwich with every floor with every pickle in the sandwich ! 
a president understood the fine pickled president . 
the fine fine chief of staff understood a perplexed sandwich under the perplexed perplexed sandwich . 
the delicious fine floor ate the delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled floor understood every chief of staff on the pickle on a delicious president ? 
is it true that the floor ate the pickled fine chief of staff ? 
a perplexed floor in the president under the president in a chief of staff under a pickle on the perplexed pickle on the delicious floor on the sandwich ate the pickle ! 
the fine pickled president with a floor wanted a fine pickle . 
every perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich understood the president ! 
is it true that a fine floor under the floor under the floor understood the pickle ? 
a chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
the fine fine chief of staff on every president ate the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a president ate a fine pickle ? 
the floor in the pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff with the sandwich wanted the president ! 
the president kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that a pickled president with the president understood the chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate a fine pickled fine perplexed floor in every president with a president ! 
the president kissed a delicious perplexed pickled sandwich in a president under the delicious fine delicious president under the president on a fine pickled pickle with the perplexed fine delicious delicious delicious fine chief of staff ! 
a delicious fine sandwich understood a chief of staff under a sandwich in the pickle with a pickled president in the sandwich . 
the pickle kissed the pickle ! 
a floor kissed a delicious pickled pickled sandwich ! 
every pickled president ate the president . 
the fine chief of staff with the fine pickled floor wanted the pickled floor ! 
the sandwich under a floor under a president with the sandwich wanted the perplexed delicious floor . 
a delicious pickled delicious sandwich wanted the president ! 
is it true that a perplexed perplexed floor ate the pickle under every pickled delicious pickle ? 
the fine delicious pickled pickle with the delicious fine pickle understood the fine fine sandwich . 
is it true that the president under every perplexed president kissed a chief of staff on a floor under the delicious president on a delicious president under the pickle on every pickled fine fine chief of staff with a perplexed fine fine president on the sandwich ? 
a pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
the pickle ate every perplexed fine president with a perplexed delicious delicious delicious fine pickled president on the chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff in a perplexed pickled chief of staff with a perplexed president under a pickled sandwich under the chief of staff on the chief of staff under the president in a floor with every fine delicious pickled perplexed sandwich with a pickled pickled president with the pickle in a fine sandwich under the president under the pickled fine pickle under the pickle on a delicious sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich understood a delicious floor on the chief of staff under a pickled delicious fine floor under every delicious floor in the pickled pickled floor in a pickled chief of staff with a fine sandwich under the delicious sandwich under a sandwich under the pickled delicious chief of staff ? 
a president wanted a sandwich . 
a president with the delicious sandwich in every fine chief of staff with every pickled pickle ate the delicious delicious pickle with the pickled perplexed perplexed floor in a president . 
every sandwich kissed the pickle under a perplexed president on every delicious sandwich ! 
the fine perplexed delicious fine sandwich ate a sandwich . 
a pickle kissed the perplexed floor . 
the president kissed the sandwich ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a president ? 
the perplexed sandwich ate a pickle ! 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff in the fine delicious delicious sandwich with every chief of staff ? 
the perplexed fine pickled president wanted a pickle . 
every chief of staff wanted the floor ! 
is it true that the fine fine pickled perplexed pickle understood a fine perplexed pickled pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickled pickled chief of staff with the sandwich with every fine perplexed perplexed delicious pickled delicious floor under the delicious pickle ate every pickled fine fine delicious president ? 
the delicious pickled pickled president wanted the chief of staff under a chief of staff in a president on a pickle under the chief of staff . 
is it true that the perplexed president wanted the pickled perplexed sandwich with the chief of staff in the pickle in the sandwich ? 
a pickled president in a perplexed delicious fine fine pickled pickle under the fine fine president understood a sandwich . 
a president with the sandwich in every president under the delicious president under a delicious delicious pickled fine sandwich under the president under the pickle ate a sandwich . 
the perplexed floor on the chief of staff ate a delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich understood the pickled pickled president ? 
the president pickled the pickled delicious floor on a president ! 
a pickled chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
the pickle on a floor understood every president with a pickled delicious floor . 
the president ate the president under the president under every fine president with the chief of staff . 
a president in the floor with every floor under the fine floor with a sandwich with the fine floor with a sandwich in the sandwich in a chief of staff with the pickled fine president on a delicious floor under a pickle ate a perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
every president understood the pickled perplexed fine floor . 
the fine perplexed president with the pickle on a fine pickled fine pickled pickled chief of staff in a president on a sandwich with the perplexed president in the president under every sandwich under the pickle with every floor on a sandwich in the pickled delicious president wanted the sandwich ! 
is it true that a sandwich ate the sandwich in the perplexed pickle on the fine pickle in the pickle in the delicious sandwich under a pickled pickled fine floor ? 
is it true that the pickle with a floor under a pickled president with the fine pickle on every sandwich on the fine fine delicious sandwich on the delicious pickled floor wanted a chief of staff with the pickle in the fine president ? 
the president wanted a delicious sandwich with every pickle in every chief of staff on the floor ! 
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff understood the pickled fine fine pickled floor with the president ? 
the pickled president ate every chief of staff . 
a chief of staff on every chief of staff on the president kissed every pickle ! 
the president on a chief of staff on the pickle under the perplexed chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
is it true that the president in the fine fine floor wanted every chief of staff with a fine pickle in the sandwich with a pickle on a perplexed pickle with every president under every delicious floor on the fine pickled chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president under every pickle pickled a pickled president ? 
is it true that a delicious president in a fine chief of staff kissed every pickled president ? 
the floor understood the sandwich under the floor in every pickled floor in the fine president in every perplexed chief of staff . 
every fine fine floor understood the chief of staff with the sandwich . 
the president wanted the floor under the sandwich in a pickled floor on the sandwich on the chief of staff with the sandwich ! 
is it true that every sandwich understood the sandwich under the perplexed sandwich in a pickle with the fine delicious chief of staff under the delicious fine fine floor in the floor in the pickle under the delicious floor ? 
is it true that every sandwich understood a president ? 
the perplexed perplexed sandwich ate the fine perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
the floor ate a chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff understood the floor ! 
is it true that the delicious fine pickle wanted the chief of staff in the pickled perplexed fine chief of staff ? 
the sandwich on the pickled floor on the delicious pickled chief of staff under a sandwich in the fine sandwich in the pickled chief of staff on the floor kissed the pickled delicious chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff ate a floor in every chief of staff under the fine pickle in a floor on every pickled floor . 
the sandwich wanted the fine pickle . 
a pickle kissed every fine pickled pickled delicious chief of staff ! 
the perplexed perplexed floor understood the floor ! 
the fine pickle with a pickle on every delicious chief of staff under a delicious chief of staff wanted a pickled floor . 
every sandwich wanted the floor on every chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor understood a chief of staff with the perplexed president ? 
the fine delicious delicious fine pickled floor ate the perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff on the delicious pickle on a pickled president on every floor in the fine delicious chief of staff understood a fine floor ? 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich under every sandwich ! 
a floor understood the fine pickled floor on a pickled sandwich under the perplexed pickled pickle on a pickled chief of staff with every president . 
every floor ate the pickle . 
a chief of staff ate a sandwich with the sandwich under the fine president under a delicious delicious floor under every pickle with the perplexed president . 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted the fine perplexed floor with every fine pickled sandwich in the pickled chief of staff on a president with a pickle in the pickled fine pickle under the fine pickled president with the delicious fine chief of staff with a floor with a pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the fine fine perplexed perplexed fine president kissed the fine perplexed president with a pickle in a president ? 
the president ate a perplexed pickle ! 
the delicious sandwich ate a floor in the pickled sandwich on every chief of staff . 
the pickle kissed a pickle . 
the sandwich under the pickled pickle with the president kissed the pickle on a floor . 
is it true that the pickle kissed a sandwich in every pickled fine fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious fine sandwich kissed a pickled pickled president ? 
is it true that every chief of staff ate every sandwich ? 
every delicious fine delicious sandwich ate every sandwich ! 
every president with every chief of staff understood the delicious president . 
the fine sandwich with the sandwich kissed the perplexed sandwich on the floor ! 
is it true that a sandwich ate the president ? 
is it true that the pickle understood a president on a delicious chief of staff ? 
a sandwich ate a pickle ! 
the sandwich kissed every fine president . 
a delicious floor kissed a pickle . 
is it true that the delicious pickled pickled delicious delicious delicious president wanted every pickle with the perplexed president under the president in the perplexed delicious chief of staff with the pickle in every president under the pickled floor in a pickled fine chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine pickle kissed the perplexed president ? 
the pickled chief of staff on every chief of staff on the floor on a chief of staff ate a floor ! 
the pickled floor in every president on a floor in the perplexed sandwich on the president with a floor understood the fine floor on a perplexed floor under a perplexed pickle in the sandwich with a delicious delicious president with a sandwich with the chief of staff . 
every fine president in the chief of staff in a president in the president under a sandwich with the pickle under a sandwich in a delicious delicious president on the floor on the chief of staff with every floor under a floor with the president on the pickle under every sandwich in the floor in the fine pickled perplexed floor under every floor under the pickled sandwich with a pickle on the sandwich under the sandwich under a delicious delicious sandwich kissed every pickle under the pickled floor with every delicious perplexed sandwich in the perplexed perplexed perplexed floor in the perplexed delicious floor . 
is it true that the chief of staff with the fine chief of staff with every perplexed floor in the pickled pickled floor ate a perplexed floor ? 
the president understood the perplexed delicious fine floor . 
every fine chief of staff understood the pickle . 
a perplexed sandwich under a sandwich on a delicious pickled fine president ate a delicious pickle . 
is it true that a delicious pickled delicious pickled pickle ate a delicious perplexed fine floor on a sandwich ? 
a perplexed pickle ate the perplexed president ! 
a perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickle . 
is it true that a pickled sandwich kissed a perplexed perplexed chief of staff with every sandwich ? 
every delicious pickled pickle ate a president . 
the fine floor ate a pickled perplexed delicious pickle . 
a president understood a fine sandwich with a sandwich ! 
the chief of staff kissed every president on a pickle on a president . 
is it true that the pickle understood the fine president under the president under a pickled pickle in a chief of staff ? 
a pickle under a fine fine president understood the perplexed sandwich with a floor under the delicious pickle on the delicious pickle with the pickle in a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle ate every fine fine pickle ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed the president ? 
a delicious chief of staff on the delicious president in a chief of staff in every perplexed pickled perplexed delicious floor understood a fine delicious chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich with the delicious fine sandwich on the perplexed pickled fine president on a delicious perplexed floor on every fine president understood a floor ! 
every chief of staff on the fine pickled perplexed sandwich on the floor in the chief of staff on the sandwich in the delicious floor on the delicious delicious delicious chief of staff under the pickle understood every chief of staff . 
a pickle understood a delicious fine perplexed fine delicious sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich on a pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff on a pickled floor ? 
the perplexed perplexed pickle understood every pickle on a president in a pickled floor on the pickled chief of staff in the floor on the perplexed floor ! 
every perplexed perplexed floor on the chief of staff pickled the sandwich ! 
a perplexed sandwich ate the floor with a chief of staff on the delicious perplexed sandwich with a floor with a sandwich . 
the chief of staff ate the president . 
the sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed pickled president ! 
every delicious floor under a sandwich wanted the chief of staff on every pickled sandwich under the chief of staff with the pickle on the perplexed perplexed president . 
a floor ate every delicious pickle ! 
is it true that the sandwich in a sandwich under a chief of staff under every floor on the delicious delicious delicious pickle under a pickle on the fine pickle in a chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed chief of staff ? 
a president wanted a perplexed pickle under the sandwich . 
every floor wanted the chief of staff . 
a floor wanted every delicious president under every fine chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickle wanted the perplexed perplexed fine sandwich ! 
a sandwich understood a president . 
is it true that the sandwich in the perplexed floor wanted a perplexed president with the fine chief of staff on the delicious floor ? 
the president on every sandwich in the president with the pickle with the delicious fine pickled chief of staff in a delicious fine chief of staff on the floor wanted the floor ! 
a perplexed delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed a pickled delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickle understood the delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that a president in a floor kissed a pickle with a perplexed delicious pickled pickled floor on the president with the president ? 
the pickled fine perplexed delicious delicious president ate a sandwich ! 
the chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed floor under the sandwich ! 
the president on the pickle under the fine chief of staff in the perplexed floor ate the pickled sandwich ! 
a pickled chief of staff with the chief of staff ate the pickled pickle . 
the sandwich ate a perplexed pickled president . 
is it true that a delicious sandwich on every president with the pickled pickle with a sandwich wanted the president ? 
the sandwich with a chief of staff on every floor on the pickled floor under the floor understood the sandwich . 
the perplexed perplexed sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
the sandwich under the floor ate the pickle under the pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff on the pickled president ate a president ! 
every chief of staff ate the pickled chief of staff . 
a president with the president with the perplexed pickled perplexed delicious sandwich on a pickle kissed every president . 
is it true that the delicious pickle with the pickle on the sandwich under a fine fine delicious floor in the president kissed every sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor ate a pickle on a sandwich on a perplexed chief of staff in a pickle with the delicious floor under the president on the sandwich on a pickled perplexed perplexed president under a perplexed sandwich in a perplexed floor under the floor ? 
a perplexed pickle understood the pickle ! 
a pickled perplexed perplexed delicious president under a president understood the floor under the pickled pickle in every fine floor ! 
is it true that a president understood a pickled pickled pickled delicious president ? 
is it true that every pickle wanted the floor ? 
the fine floor kissed the perplexed chief of staff under the delicious delicious perplexed perplexed delicious fine pickle . 
is it true that the president kissed every pickle ? 
the sandwich with the perplexed fine floor under every pickle with every delicious fine sandwich in a sandwich wanted a floor . 
a pickled pickle with a perplexed delicious perplexed pickled fine president under the pickle wanted a fine president ! 
the pickle understood every president with the fine sandwich ! 
a chief of staff understood the sandwich on the perplexed delicious president ! 
the pickled floor with a delicious sandwich under every sandwich in every pickled perplexed fine pickle with the pickle wanted the delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that a fine floor in a perplexed fine president understood the sandwich ? 
the president on the perplexed pickle ate every chief of staff under a fine pickled pickled president in every pickle under the pickled sandwich in the pickle under every floor on a chief of staff with the president under a perplexed delicious floor in the perplexed president on the fine chief of staff on the delicious pickle in the pickled perplexed pickle with the floor with every fine fine fine pickled perplexed delicious president in a fine pickle on the pickled floor in the delicious pickle . 
the delicious fine perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich understood a floor with the chief of staff with the fine pickled president under every pickle on the delicious delicious pickled pickled fine fine floor in a pickle in the delicious president on every fine pickled president ! 
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff . 
the delicious president wanted the pickled perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickled president kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that the president on the president on every floor with the sandwich with the floor pickled the perplexed sandwich ? 
the fine pickled pickled pickled pickle kissed the pickled floor . 
the perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff ! 
the pickled sandwich ate the delicious perplexed sandwich ! 
every pickle wanted the floor in the pickle with the pickle . 
a pickle on a floor kissed a perplexed fine chief of staff ! 
the floor understood the fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff ate a pickle . 
is it true that the president understood the perplexed sandwich ? 
the sandwich kissed every delicious president in the perplexed fine perplexed fine delicious chief of staff on the delicious perplexed president with the fine fine sandwich ! 
a chief of staff kissed a pickled floor ! 
the delicious perplexed perplexed pickle understood a pickled delicious delicious floor on a delicious perplexed chief of staff . 
is it true that every pickled pickle under a fine perplexed delicious fine pickle under every perplexed delicious floor on the chief of staff in the floor with the chief of staff on the pickle under a chief of staff with the sandwich understood the president under the chief of staff with the president under a fine pickle ? 
the chief of staff ate a delicious pickle . 
a sandwich understood the floor . 
the perplexed president wanted the perplexed chief of staff with a sandwich . 
the chief of staff with every chief of staff on the chief of staff in the floor under a delicious fine pickled delicious sandwich with the floor on every perplexed pickled perplexed pickled pickle with the delicious sandwich in a delicious president under a pickled sandwich on the delicious delicious perplexed perplexed pickle under every pickle on every president on the perplexed delicious sandwich with the pickle with the sandwich in the fine fine pickled pickle in the pickle wanted the fine pickle . 
the floor kissed the delicious sandwich under a perplexed perplexed chief of staff under every pickled chief of staff in the president with the pickled delicious delicious pickled floor ! 
is it true that a president with a pickled president on the chief of staff with the chief of staff ate a sandwich ? 
the perplexed fine chief of staff wanted a perplexed perplexed fine perplexed floor . 
the fine fine delicious fine sandwich understood the pickle ! 
is it true that a delicious fine president under the chief of staff pickled the fine sandwich under the president ? 
is it true that the fine pickled perplexed pickled pickle understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich understood the pickle ? 
is it true that every pickle on every fine sandwich understood the president ? 
every president wanted the pickle . 
is it true that a floor with the floor kissed the chief of staff ? 
the perplexed president ate the delicious fine floor . 
the pickle with the floor in the floor in the pickled delicious perplexed fine sandwich in the perplexed pickle wanted a president under a floor . 
is it true that every floor on the pickled floor kissed the fine pickled pickle under the president with every floor on a perplexed president ? 
the pickle pickled a fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president in the delicious delicious pickled fine pickle on the chief of staff in a delicious president on the president kissed the delicious floor ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the pickled fine sandwich ? 
a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ! 
every fine president understood a sandwich ! 
the chief of staff in the pickle ate a perplexed perplexed pickle with the delicious pickled chief of staff on the delicious fine sandwich on a president in a pickle in a floor under the delicious sandwich ! 
the pickle in a chief of staff understood the perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious fine chief of staff . 
a chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
a pickled president ate a chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff ate the floor in the chief of staff on the sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor with a sandwich ate every pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that the pickled floor in every pickle wanted a president in the president ? 
the floor kissed every fine floor . 
every pickled chief of staff understood the pickle ! 
the pickle on the chief of staff understood the pickled pickled fine pickle on the pickle under a president with every chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle ate a delicious sandwich ? 
the pickle in a delicious pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff with the pickle ate a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a fine pickle wanted the pickle under the delicious pickle ? 
the sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle understood the chief of staff in the fine delicious delicious delicious pickled pickle under the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled floor ? 
is it true that a delicious fine pickled floor wanted the fine president on the sandwich under the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every floor with a fine pickled floor pickled the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickled pickled pickle wanted a chief of staff ? 
the delicious perplexed floor wanted the fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a president wanted the pickle under a fine perplexed floor ? 
the sandwich kissed every delicious floor with every fine chief of staff ! 
the fine delicious president in a floor ate the delicious pickled pickled pickle . 
is it true that the floor kissed every fine chief of staff ? 
a pickled president wanted every sandwich ! 
the delicious pickle understood the president on every pickle in the perplexed fine fine floor under a pickled sandwich under the delicious delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed sandwich kissed a pickled president on the floor ? 
is it true that the pickle ate a pickle ? 
every delicious sandwich kissed the fine delicious delicious sandwich . 
is it true that the perplexed fine president kissed the fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the delicious pickle understood the sandwich ? 
the pickle wanted a sandwich in the floor ! 
the fine floor with the pickled chief of staff understood a pickled delicious pickle . 
a fine delicious pickle wanted a president ! 
is it true that a sandwich kissed a president ? 
the floor with the perplexed fine pickled fine fine sandwich kissed a chief of staff in the fine sandwich with a president with the pickle on every president with the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor under a pickled pickled president under a sandwich understood the floor ? 
the floor under the delicious delicious delicious pickled floor in the floor kissed the delicious president ! 
is it true that the floor in a delicious delicious pickled floor pickled the floor ? 
every floor with the president under a sandwich wanted the perplexed president . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the fine floor with the floor in a president wanted a delicious pickle ? 
a fine pickled sandwich with the chief of staff ate the president . 
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted a chief of staff . 
the pickle wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that the delicious pickled pickle in every pickle wanted a pickle ? 
the chief of staff under a perplexed pickle on the pickled sandwich in a sandwich with the pickled president with a pickle with the fine president under the sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
the floor on a chief of staff on a fine president kissed a perplexed chief of staff under the delicious pickled sandwich on a perplexed fine pickled floor ! 
the floor in the pickle with a pickle with the delicious pickle under a pickle in a fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate the floor under the pickle under the floor under the pickled delicious pickle ! 
a floor ate a floor . 
is it true that the president ate every pickled pickle ? 
a pickled sandwich on a floor kissed a chief of staff ! 
a president wanted the chief of staff ! 
the pickle kissed a president . 
the perplexed sandwich in every delicious perplexed fine fine pickled pickled pickled president in every sandwich wanted every perplexed delicious pickle . 
a floor wanted every president ! 
the fine fine pickled floor with a sandwich kissed the pickled fine chief of staff . 
is it true that the fine delicious fine pickled chief of staff wanted the president ? 
the fine delicious pickled pickle wanted a delicious fine pickle . 
is it true that the pickled floor kissed the chief of staff in the chief of staff ? 
every fine fine chief of staff kissed a floor . 
the sandwich kissed the pickle with the pickled fine pickled sandwich . 
every chief of staff kissed every sandwich . 
the president wanted the pickled president . 
a floor wanted a president . 
is it true that the delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickle ate the pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled fine chief of staff kissed the president ? 
every president ate the sandwich ! 
the pickle under the chief of staff in a sandwich in a chief of staff in a pickle on a perplexed perplexed president with a delicious floor with the sandwich in the perplexed floor on every pickle understood every delicious sandwich in every pickled delicious pickle in every floor . 
a perplexed sandwich wanted the perplexed floor ! 
is it true that every pickled pickled perplexed floor pickled the pickle on every chief of staff ? 
every sandwich ate the perplexed fine president with a pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the president ? 
a fine floor on the fine chief of staff on a pickle with the pickled perplexed fine delicious perplexed pickle under the floor on a perplexed perplexed delicious pickle in a delicious president wanted the chief of staff . 
the floor in the sandwich wanted every chief of staff in a pickle ! 
the pickled president wanted the perplexed delicious president ! 
the pickle understood the chief of staff . 
a pickled fine pickled sandwich ate the floor . 
the president under the pickled president under the floor with the pickle in a pickle understood the pickle ! 
is it true that a pickle understood the floor with a delicious sandwich with the delicious floor in the fine president with the sandwich in the delicious chief of staff on the floor under the pickle under the pickle with every perplexed president ? 
is it true that the delicious pickle wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate every pickle in the floor on the floor ? 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled pickled delicious chief of staff understood the fine pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickled pickle ate a pickled pickled president ? 
is it true that every perplexed pickled delicious sandwich pickled a pickled pickled delicious president ? 
is it true that every delicious pickle ate a chief of staff ? 
every pickled pickled pickle with a fine president under a pickle wanted a pickled floor . 
is it true that every perplexed floor understood a pickle under a delicious chief of staff ? 
a pickled delicious sandwich understood a pickle . 
the president ate every perplexed pickled president under the fine pickle on the delicious fine president on the pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
the perplexed president wanted a pickled delicious fine fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle ate a pickled perplexed floor ? 
a delicious chief of staff in a pickle wanted a floor . 
is it true that a floor understood a pickle ? 
every pickle ate the fine sandwich in every delicious delicious fine floor under a perplexed delicious delicious president . 
a sandwich wanted the pickled floor in the floor ! 
the chief of staff under every floor on the floor wanted the pickled delicious pickle ! 
is it true that every pickle with every fine sandwich under the chief of staff in the sandwich wanted the perplexed pickled fine pickled president ? 
the fine president under every delicious fine delicious fine chief of staff under the sandwich in the fine pickled president in a chief of staff on a president ate a sandwich on a pickle ! 
is it true that the perplexed delicious floor on a sandwich ate the fine chief of staff on every president ? 
the fine perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle on a perplexed perplexed delicious president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a floor ? 
is it true that every fine president understood the chief of staff ? 
every floor in the president wanted the delicious floor ! 
a president pickled the pickle with the president under every pickled chief of staff under the fine delicious pickle with the floor with the president under the delicious sandwich with the pickle on the floor on a floor . 
is it true that a fine fine fine pickle with the pickle understood a pickle under the delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich kissed a delicious fine sandwich with a chief of staff under a fine pickled sandwich on every floor under every sandwich in the fine pickle with a sandwich ? 
a pickle kissed a delicious president . 
the president understood every sandwich . 
the president understood the chief of staff . 
the perplexed fine pickle kissed the chief of staff with the perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich ! 
the sandwich wanted a floor . 
is it true that a president kissed a fine fine fine perplexed delicious perplexed delicious president ? 
a perplexed chief of staff ate the floor with the perplexed floor in a sandwich with the fine pickle on the sandwich with a sandwich under a floor ! 
the sandwich understood a pickled pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that the delicious chief of staff with a fine delicious pickled perplexed floor in the delicious delicious chief of staff ate the chief of staff ? 
a pickle wanted the delicious sandwich in a sandwich in the chief of staff on a pickle . 
a fine floor kissed every pickled delicious delicious floor . 
is it true that a floor under the delicious president with every president in a chief of staff with a pickle under the perplexed pickled pickle kissed a pickle under a sandwich with a sandwich ? 
the delicious fine president pickled the chief of staff ! 
the president under the president ate the delicious sandwich ! 
the delicious delicious perplexed pickle kissed a sandwich . 
a president ate a delicious president ! 
the fine president pickled the president . 
is it true that the perplexed pickled pickle wanted a perplexed president in the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff understood the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ! 
a sandwich in a sandwich under every chief of staff on the sandwich on a chief of staff ate the delicious perplexed delicious pickle ! 
the floor in the delicious floor ate the fine president . 
the sandwich understood the floor ! 
the pickle kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle wanted a floor ? 
every delicious president understood a perplexed sandwich under every president in the floor in a sandwich . 
the floor kissed the perplexed sandwich ! 
the fine sandwich with a floor kissed the fine pickle on a pickle with the fine sandwich under the fine floor in a fine perplexed perplexed fine floor in every floor with the pickle in a president on every perplexed president ! 
the fine chief of staff ate the delicious perplexed chief of staff with the president ! 
a chief of staff understood a pickle . 
the president ate every floor under a fine pickle in a perplexed sandwich with the pickle ! 
the floor ate a perplexed chief of staff in the delicious president under a chief of staff on the perplexed perplexed fine pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle kissed a floor ? 
is it true that a president with a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? 
a perplexed delicious sandwich understood a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff under the president ! 
the delicious fine sandwich under a floor with a floor wanted a pickle . 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted the floor ! 
every floor with a delicious fine president under the fine chief of staff kissed every sandwich . 
a pickle kissed the fine chief of staff with a fine perplexed delicious president in the sandwich ! 
the delicious floor kissed the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff with a fine pickle ate a floor ? 
the perplexed delicious sandwich in every sandwich understood a fine floor ! 
the chief of staff wanted a fine president with a fine fine sandwich in the pickle . 
every fine delicious fine president kissed a fine floor ! 
a fine pickle kissed the president . 
the chief of staff ate a president ! 
is it true that the president under every president on every pickle ate a pickle ? 
the pickled president ate the floor . 
the sandwich under every perplexed pickled delicious sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! 
the floor in a delicious perplexed president under the president under the sandwich kissed a fine pickled sandwich on the fine chief of staff . 
the pickled floor understood the fine pickled delicious pickle . 
the floor wanted the floor ! 
a pickle with every pickle kissed the fine perplexed delicious pickle . 
a fine chief of staff under a president in every pickle understood a pickle under the pickled chief of staff in every pickle ! 
the perplexed president ate every pickled pickled pickled pickled pickled sandwich ! 
the pickle under the chief of staff ate the pickled sandwich in the perplexed sandwich in the sandwich . 
a fine floor understood the delicious perplexed fine pickled pickled president with the floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff ate the president ? 
the perplexed delicious floor kissed the perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president wanted a pickle on every sandwich under the delicious sandwich ? 
the president wanted a delicious delicious fine fine pickled perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that a fine pickled president kissed the fine floor under a fine president on every president under the chief of staff with a chief of staff in a fine president with every delicious delicious floor ? 
a delicious delicious pickled floor wanted every perplexed fine fine pickled fine president under a sandwich with a pickled pickle under every floor with every perplexed perplexed pickled pickle on the pickled perplexed delicious floor . 
the sandwich with the pickle under a delicious perplexed sandwich with the perplexed delicious president under a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff on a chief of staff on the pickle in a floor on every perplexed president in the floor with the pickle in the delicious floor ate the perplexed delicious chief of staff with every sandwich in a floor on a floor ! 
is it true that every pickled fine pickled president ate the perplexed chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate the president ! 
a sandwich kissed a perplexed fine floor ! 
is it true that the perplexed fine pickled delicious floor kissed a chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickled perplexed fine floor understood a president ? 
is it true that the president ate a pickled president ? 
is it true that every pickle understood the floor ? 
the perplexed fine pickled president understood every perplexed sandwich with every chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickled pickled floor understood the fine chief of staff ? 
a fine sandwich wanted every delicious floor ! 
the pickled pickle understood a chief of staff in a sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled president on a delicious floor pickled a pickled delicious floor ? 
a sandwich ate a chief of staff . 
a fine fine sandwich kissed every president with the pickled pickle . 
is it true that a pickle ate a president ? 
the floor under the floor wanted the floor with the fine president ! 
is it true that every floor with the perplexed perplexed fine perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that a floor in every perplexed president kissed the pickle with a sandwich in the delicious sandwich with a pickled perplexed pickled president on a pickle ? 
a pickle kissed a fine president ! 
a fine fine pickle understood every floor . 
the floor on the sandwich on a president wanted a chief of staff in the perplexed pickle under every sandwich on a president ! 
a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled fine sandwich kissed the fine fine president on a delicious fine president in the pickle . 
the president on every delicious pickle in a president on a floor under the perplexed perplexed perplexed fine delicious pickled pickled pickle ate the pickled delicious president in a president under the pickled chief of staff in a floor in every chief of staff ! 
a pickled perplexed delicious floor ate the fine chief of staff under the delicious fine perplexed fine sandwich . 
every delicious pickled delicious pickle kissed every pickle on the delicious sandwich with every perplexed president . 
the fine fine chief of staff with the chief of staff ate a president in a sandwich under the delicious pickle on every floor with the pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the fine perplexed floor on a chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff wanted every fine chief of staff under every fine pickle . 
every floor in a perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed every fine sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine pickled pickled perplexed president understood the president ? 
is it true that every perplexed fine pickle ate the floor ? 
is it true that the president wanted the chief of staff ? 
the sandwich pickled the chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickle ate every pickled fine floor . 
is it true that the pickled pickle wanted a pickled pickle ? 
a floor wanted a perplexed perplexed fine president ! 
a floor on the pickle on the delicious delicious president ate the delicious pickle ! 
the sandwich pickled every chief of staff with the fine delicious pickle . 
every president understood the sandwich . 
the pickle understood the fine perplexed perplexed pickle on a perplexed floor in every floor on every floor with a president on the floor . 
every fine perplexed perplexed fine floor in a pickled delicious president kissed the chief of staff ! 
the pickled president ate every president ! 
a delicious fine pickle ate a chief of staff . 
a delicious floor wanted the sandwich . 
the pickled perplexed president on the perplexed delicious president understood every pickled sandwich . 
the floor with the pickled perplexed sandwich ate every sandwich . 
is it true that the delicious pickle ate the floor with a fine sandwich under a president with the perplexed floor ? 
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff with the delicious fine chief of staff under a pickle under a pickle ! 
every pickle understood the perplexed president . 
is it true that a perplexed pickle ate the president ? 
a pickled president ate the pickle ! 
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious fine floor ate a floor under a chief of staff on a chief of staff with a chief of staff under the sandwich in every president on the chief of staff ? 
the delicious pickled president wanted a president . 
the fine pickled chief of staff kissed the fine sandwich in a chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff with the sandwich wanted a chief of staff on the pickled president with the chief of staff on a pickle with the president with the pickled sandwich with the chief of staff . 
the fine delicious fine fine sandwich with the pickled pickle wanted the pickled delicious chief of staff in a perplexed fine pickle . 
every delicious chief of staff on a sandwich with every pickle understood every perplexed fine sandwich ! 
every floor kissed every pickled president . 
a pickle under every pickle understood a pickled pickle . 
